And there we go. Boom.
Okay, minor update.
This is not a minor update. This is the
most significant balance patch we've
received at least since the major AP
reworks of every single character like 6
months ago, but arguably it's a bigger
change than that.
We have been in a hopeless
um anti-tempo meta where lane phase
almost doesn't matter.
Early game play almost doesn't matter at
all.
Uh comeback
is was so powerful snowballing was
almost impossible. And this was not just
a thing that affected high ranks. This
affected like every single rank.
Um
egg meta uh is not that that was not a
thing because egg was overpowered. Egg
was good because early game tempo did
not matter at all. Winning the early
game almost did not matter because
winning the early game had a very low
correlation with winning the late mid
game and winning the late game. And
ultimately, you only ever win a game of
Dead Lock if you win the late game.
So.
They super mega nerfed the egg, but that
was unnecessary because egg is way worse
after these changes. So, I think the
most significant changes is not the
character changes, it's not the item
changes. Those those are important.
We'll get to them in a minute. It was
these changes to the game's economy. So,
with the unstable comeback rift change,
what they're basically doing is they are
getting rid of the
uh old mechanic that made it such that
you basically could not ever contest the
first maybe second rift if your team was
the winning team. They've reduced the
comeback soul values. They still scale
linearly. So, like if you're only 5%
ahead, you'll still gain a significant
amount of resistances or rather the
losing team will gain a significant
amount of resistances, but it scales
over time. The upper limit is now 40%.
It used to be 35, so the upper limit's
actually a little bit higher. So, the
rift is a little stronger for the losing
team in the super late game, but for the
early game, especially when you're
feeling it right at the first rift, it's
a lot lot worse. Which means if you're
actually winning the lane phase, you can
genuinely use your your sole lead to
actually contest the rift under many
circumstances.
Uh you're not likely to win an even
fight per se, but the fights are
winnable now.
Uh so, when you are actually able to
play for the rift, even if you're the
winning team, it means you get rid of a
significant source of comeback souls for
the enemy team.
Beyond this,
they got rid of extra bonus souls that
people were getting even when they were
barely behind for kill bounties and the
rift.
Um this extra like bonus soul bounty, as
far as I'm aware, was also being
multiplied by the overall comeback soul
uh
mechanic that buffed basically all
income for the losing team. So, now uh
comeback souls just overall are
extremely nerfed. Getting kills,
getting, you know, farming camps,
getting troopers, all of them give less
souls than they used to
uh and especially the objectives.
So, they're heavily reducing the amount
of access, like the access you have to
souls as a losing team, and the amount
of souls you get from those sources to
begin with.
A very important change that I've yet to
see people talk about is this, though.
Don't underestimate this, this final bar
here. A portion of the comeback souls
earned by players above enemy team
average net worth is instead distributed
via the tick gold system that is given
to the lowest two players.
Each team, the lowest two players
receive a constant trickle of souls
based on the the overall like income
kind of per minute of their respective
team.
Previously, what was happening, and this
really affected high elo by the way,
what was happening was if you were the
losing team,
you get increased souls from all
sources. More souls from troopers, more
souls from jungle camps.
So, imagine this. Imagine you're the
best player in your team, you're playing
Wraith.
Imagine you're not even the best player
in your team and you're playing Wraith,
and you're actually bad at the game, and
you're just letting your whole team die.
You're never showing up to fight
anybody. You're never using your old or
your joke just to try to kill somebody.
You're just letting your team get run
over. And so, your team is uh losing
souls. You're down souls. You start to
get more souls from the camps that
you're farming.
And this effect was strong enough that
you often times would see the power
farmer, AFK farmer player, on the losing
team out farm the carries of the winning
That was a horrible mechanic, and I
think that boosted actually a lot of
players that were not good at winning
lane, that were not good at playing the
map correctly, and were benefiting from
this fact that even when their team
loses really hard, they get a huge
influx of souls. You see this even
happening in pro play where it's like,
"Oh, you'll see John John have 40,000
souls, and everyone else in his team
will have 22,000 souls." It's because,
you know, carries, they if they getting
more farm from everything while their
team is losing, then the carries are
going to slingshot ahead.
It's really not fun mechanic to play
against.
They removed that because now most of
the extra comeback souls you get from
being the losing team, uh if you are
richer than the winning team on average,
those souls are actually distributed to
your lowest two econ players. So, now
the AFK farming Wraith, who's, you know,
killing all her back camps, is now
actually just feeding souls to her her
poor little Paige and her poor little
Calvin.
Uh this is I think much healthier for
the game. Even though this is mechanic's
a little weird, you know, they they've
added socialism to Dead Lock. Uh it's
it's uh
it's a lot better than what it used to
be. It really affects high ELO, too.
Okay, they also uh increased the bounty
of taking permanent objectives, so
they're a little bit better in
comparison to the objectives like Rift
and Earn. Now, that's a good change.
Also, respawn time increased. Uh this
only takes effect after the 20-minute
mark. Um and the late game values are
the same. Really, this just increases
the actual value of getting picks at 20
minutes. It means mid bosses are going
to be easier to take in between 20 30
minutes. Very important. I think this
will even help lower ELO games. You guys
can actually take mid boss sooner with
the longer response.
Using parry now pauses reloading.
This is good. They nerfed parrying in
two different ways. Now, if you know you
do a dash, it cancels all momentum.
There's a funny interaction here where
if you actually parry while getting on a
bounce pad, it since it cancels all your
momentum, it kind of sends you straight
up into the sky like an elevator. So,
you can use that.
Um this is good because parrying was uh
abusive in lane. It was very risky to go
for punches because parries were so
strong, you know. You parry someone, you
try to punch them with a heavy, the
enemy team just dives in and hero
parries. That's not fun. You could dash
away from someone in close quarters and
parry while dashing away, and you
basically just completely shut them down
for trying to punch you. That's not
really a good interaction. They
basically removed that. This is a good
change, I think.
Getting stunned now uh pauses your
reload rather than restarting it.
This is amazing, right? Because we all
know
uh having your gun reload be completely
canceled every single time uh you you
know, seven pop static charge on you is
the main reason he said a 54% win rate
for like 24 months. So, finally now
seven stun no longer cancels your reload
in lane. So, hopefully this guy uh is,
you know,
starts losing the game a bit more. So,
we'll we'll get that out of here.
All right, seven can go away for now.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Uh breakables uh spawn later. This is
not actually an enormous nerf to Reman
Calico or particularly Reman, maybe more
Calico more than Reman, but it's not a
huge nerf to Reman like some people
think it is.
Uh this is an enormous change overall.
Nerf to flyers, to projectiles like
Celeste, nerf to movement globally.
Slows now actually affect air drag.
So, you have restricted air movement now
when you have slows applied to you. This
is just character slows and item slows.
It's all It's all slows, so. Now uh
movement speed slow is an actually
important stat. It's a genuinely
important stat now. It's been a
a worse stat. The better you are at the
game, the better you are uh the better
your teammates are, the better your
opponents are at the game, the worse
slow is. That is being changed. Now,
slowing is a real stat cuz it actually
nerfs your ability to move through the
air.
Uh this uh change here at the end, the
reducing the cycle time, or not reducing
the cycle time, but making dashes and
light melees no longer interrupt your
gun cycle time, means characters like
Abrams and Silver now can uh weave in uh
dashes and punches between their shots,
so these characters can feel a lot more
fluid in lane.
Feels particularly good on Silver.
Silver's cycle time is a lot worse than
Abrams, but I felt it on Abrams, too.
You can kind of weave in a light melee
between basically every single punch
with very little slow down in your fire
rate.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I think again, I think these uh
changes are the most important. Uh this
is going to usher in tempo meta. Now,
carries are very very nerfed compared to
characters that generate early leads and
snowball very hard. What I think this
practically means is characters, you
know, these these carries, these scalers
are very nerfed. Warden is mainly nerfed
due to the direct nerfs to him, but
characters like Celeste and Wraith super
nerfed from the fact that snowballing is
much more prevalent. Um and they can't
rely on things like these comeback soul
power farming mechanics.
Uh tempo characters stonks way up in the
air. Uh snowballers, picking characters
that win the game early, win the lane
phase, win the mid game, you know, are
able to capture centers, duel people
down, take early walkers. These
characters characters with high inherent
numbers, you think like massive page
shields,
uh then they're having a massive high,
you know, high damage ultimate unlocked
very early in the game. These characters
very important now. They're much better
than they used to be. I suspect we're
going to see Vender's 45% win rate
finally increase a little bit,
especially compared to his 55% win rate
counterpart Warden, who's been mogging
him for some time.
Looking at items, though.
Not too many of these are terribly
significant, but I do think they're
generally good. Some changes to some
shred items, Hollow Point receiving
another buff. This item is good, perhaps
slightly under bought. Spirit toxic
bullets a bit better now. Shadow weave
is probably still an awful item.
Probably still an awful item though it's
buffed. They're nerfing, by the way,
Cult of Sacrifice and Tropic Collector
egg. They're all having their soul
generation reduced. I think this is
partially because of the tempo meta
change, right? They're trying to reduce
some
uh people's soul economy. It might get
out of hand if tempo is being buffed
while also people getting souls from
things like Tropic Collector stay the
same.
Lustrous enchantment, that duration
increase is significant. It means you're
far more likely to actually fully stack
it up off enemy players. This is a big
deal. It's also more viable on
Benedictor now in particular.
Spiritual overflow, this is still a
viable item, much worse though. And this
is going to contribute to the death of
the Merc Mac overflow build that's been
meta for so long.
Resto locket, still a viable item. Uh
reducing the heal is good cuz most of
why you're buying this item is for the
extra stamina shot. Um if it didn't have
that extra stamina, prob- people would
not be buying it with these numbers.
Veil Walker, Veil Walker has been
nerfed. It's still very viable. Still a
viable item. Gives a lot of healing
still. Gives you a lot of movement speed
with the invisibility. It's it will
still be good on characters,
particularly characters that actually
have some kind of, you know, hard CC
where where their pick potential is
really important. You might not be
buying this, you know, spam buying it on
like every character in the game
anymore, but it's certainly good still
on the characters that actually should
be buying Veil Walker in theory.
Fortitude, slight slight buff, kind of
the same thing. Life strike, we
discussed that a moment ago. Uh these
changes are not significant, I don't
think. The increased melee hit heal, um
like that is nice. Th- These are nice
changes. This will make it especially
more viable early, but really the
significant thing here is that uh the
slow change.
Because for our life strike applies a
massive slow, right now it's 48% even
after the nerf to slows. 48% slow, it's
also affecting people's, you know, air
drag. Means life strike is now a very
good CC item, especially on characters
like Billy. Billy spamming life strike
slows on people is going to be very
frustrating.
Leech still generally a terrible item. A
little bit better now though.
Plated armor. Guys, I made a video that
mentioned plated armor recently, said it
doesn't block on hit effects. They fixed
that cuz it definitely should. The item
description says it should, but it
wasn't. Plated armor used to be one of
the worst items in the game because it
didn't do the thing it said it did. It
was like nearly worse than buying bullet
resilience. Now it actually does its
job. It blocks on hit damage. You want
to buy this item against characters who
do mixed damage, mixed gun and spirit,
cuz the on hit kills their spirit and
the straight up bullet reflection blocks
the gun. This is now finally an
anti-Vindicta, anti-Wraith, anti-
Viper item.
Fine Kevlar, it's a net change, but nice
on some characters perhaps like Dynamo.
Or a Paige even.
Uh egg.
Egg is killed.
This item would be basically unbuyable
with the changes they've done to tempo
now with early game being so much more
important. Egg would be almost unbuyable
regardless, but they also they double
dipped into the nerfs. They also
directly nerfed the item in several
ways, especially the biggest nerf here
by the way isn't even the damage penalty
of the souls per minute. Arguably it's
that the stored souls now count towards
net worth.
Meaning if you buy egg, not only do you
get less souls, but it also cripples you
even more.
It's uh it's terrible. This item is
terrible. This item is so bad, you
should not even test it. If you see
someone testing this item,
um
think think poorly of them. Think poorly
of them. This item is so bad just at a
glance. If you if you understand what
this does to the game and you understand
how bad this item is even before, let
alone with this, you understand Golden
Goose Egg is is an unbuyably bad item.
It's by far the worst item in the game.
I think they have to call it
situational. I'd be harsher than that. I
don't even think it is situational. I
think this item is literally unviable.
They nerfed it too much. Agreed.
Okay.
Soul Hex, they nerfed the cool down
because it's better because it affects
air drag now. So, this is not a total
nerf. Soul Hex is a better item than it
used to be. Radiant regen healing tuned
down a bit. That's nice. Tank buster
damage tuned down. That's good. Still
buy for the same reasons though. Decay,
more of an anti-heal item, less of a
damage item. This is a good change.
Arguably, by the way, this also makes it
scale better into the late game when
healing might dramatically increase.
Merk Mac, damage is severely tuned down.
This chara- this item will not be bought
on so many characters anymore.
You get even arguably a character like
Warden, you know. Uh
You only ever buy that item anyway on
characters with very high base DPS. So,
it was always bad on characters like
Hayes for instance. We'll get to Hayes
in a moment. She's been changed.
Uh but with those changes, right? And
the the nerf to spiritual overflow, even
though Warden is probably still viable
after we look at his changes, I do think
he's still viable. Uh the build on him
is definitely not overflow and Merk Mac.
You're probably going to go back to
building more traditional gun items.
Focus Lens, lens damage increased, cast
range increased, still a bad item
because it's so cleansable. Uh viable in
niche situations.
Look at the characters though.
A lot of the character meta changes, by
the way, are less related to the direct
character changes and more to the
overall game play systems. I think a lot
of scalers are worse now and it's and
tempo characters are buffed. For
instance,
there are no Apollo changes here to be
seen. No Apollo changes. I promise you
though, Apollo's one of the best
characters in the game now. Because
Apollo is one of the best snowballers,
early game tempo characters. He can
gank. He can win lane. He can kill
jungle instantly. He can escape from
death. Um high flat damage, high
numbers, high healing. Apollo is an
early game monster. Now, that actually
matters. For Previously, it didn't
matter. Now, it does. So,
don't let the fact Apollo is not in the
patch notes fool you. Apollo is super
buffed this patch.
Abrams, tweaked a little bit, same
character. Celeste, nerfed, you know,
seven different ways, tweaked a little
bit.
Uh these are all nerfs. I don't think
any of them are buffs.
Uh these things are all important,
right? She's just kind of tweaked in
every single kind of way, making her
worse. This is good. But, more important
than this, frankly, is the nerf to egg.
Um the nerf to some of her items. Uh the
nerf to scaling because, you know, if
you lose the early game, you're punished
more for it. And Celeste does typically
lose the early game. But, beyond that,
right? Slows now affect air drag. That's
going to hurt her a bit, too. So, it's
less of these changes even uh is what's
nerfing her so much so much as the
overall game play reworks that really,
you know, shoots her in the foot, I
think.
Graves, same character. Haze, gun Haze
is better now, especially if you have
good aim. This is interesting. It'll be
interesting to see if how viable this
actually is. But, this is a an
appreciable damage increase cuz all of
her damage really comes from fixation
stats so stacks. So, if you shoot her in
the head, big deal.
Holiday, um making her more of a gun
hybrid character and also buffing lasso.
Holiday, especially with tempo being
buffed again, I expect to see her
re-emerge in the meta. I expect to see
some hybrid gun spirit builds coming
out. Um picks are more important,
especially after 20 minutes now. Again,
if we observe the the respawn timer
change post 20 minutes, I think 20
25-minute Holiday running around the map
cracking people with, you know, hybrid
damage, getting these picks is still
going to be uh a menace.
Ivy, uh slight nerfs. This is good. This
character is overpowered. Kelvin finally
has some innate spirit power on his
frozen shelter. That means this ability
is now perhaps usable late game even if
you don't max it. We need to explore if
it's possible to make a good Kelvin
build and maybe does like 1 3 2 and
doesn't max the old.
I think typically you have to max the
old, but maybe you don't anymore.
Geist, um
some buffs.
Slight buffs.
She's buffed in comparison to other
characters because other characters are
nerfed. Characters she competes with are
nerfed. It's less cuz she was directly
buffed.
Gun lash killed in favor of stomplash.
This is great.
Uh gunlash is is almost completely dead.
Ground strike lash is back. This is
healthy for the game. Nature's healing.
Paige extremely buffed. This character
is very very good now.
Uh not just because of these direct
buffs again, but because of the tempo
buffs, right?
Tempo is important. Paige is very good
tempo character.
So, uh
Paige one of the biggest winners from
the patch by far. This character is
going to be a monster. Uh also, the the
third thing that makes her buffed is
that again because flyers and flying is
nerfed, right? Gunlash worse less meta,
Celeste worse less meta, Vendicta is
going to be countered by characters like
Silver and stuff running around. Air
drag, you know, it's going to hurt
people. The less people are flying
around in the sky, the better Paige is.
The more tempo matters, the better Paige
is. The more temp uh number of Paige
has, and here her numbers are bigger,
the better Paige is. Paige has just been
triple dip buffed. Uh look out for Paige
in your games.
I wish I had her unlocked and ranked.
Uh Paradox slight nerf to the
annoyingness of her carbine quick
scoping. Same character more or less.
Rem bug fixes. Shiv
Um made the knives less annoying. They
no longer ricochet. They just do more
current HP damage. This gives Shiv more
anti-tank killing ability. This is
probably a healthy change for him. The
alt fire changes are not significant as
far as I'm aware. Now though, alt fire
will actually do damage to people.
Previously, it kind of wasn't doing
damage to people. They over nerfed it in
the past. This is not a huge deal in my
opinion.
Shiv.
Uh I just read Shiv. Silver. Sorry, I
looked at chat for a second. Silver,
okay.
Uh a big buff to Silver. Yeah, weighted
bola now acting as phantom strike is
incredible for her. Uh the changes to
cycling is going to make her lane feel a
lot better. Even her like mid-game
fights where she's like slapping people
a lot more and doing some dashing back
and forth to shoot. Silver's going to
feel a lot better. Uh she also has
better scaling um and better sprint
speed help her get around the map. These
changes are all kind of slight and
different except for the way the bullet.
That one is massive, but they're all
very good. I see both characters are
merging in the meta again. We see why
she's being picked in night shift. This
character uh her inherent CC that she
has so much of now is much more
valuable. Uh this is important.
VainGlory uh goofy change. His ultimate
now works on with ricochet and split
shot and they both work at the same time
for split shot ricochet.
Uh this is a buff to VainGlory. Uh this
is not the main buff to VainGlory. The
main buff to VainGlory is that tempo is
better and super scaling is nerfed. Uh
VainGlory has already been one of the
highest tempo, best early game, uh you
know, traditional gun carries. Uh partly
because mainly frankly because of the
power of his ultimate. So, VainGlory is
going to be very good right now because
if VainGlory wins lane and he can do
that and he gets ahead and can you know
bully people off of center sacrifices,
you know, fills belly up, he's going to
be an issue. And characters that would
normally compete against him, you know,
think like your Wraith, like your
Celeste, are going to have a much more
difficult time doing that.
Phinn gets nerfed across the board. Good
riddance. This character was extremely
annoying. All of his abilities did too
much damage. Literally everything about
the character is nerfed. He's still the
same character as far as his identity
goes. So, you still pick Phinn for the
same reasons. Phinn is no longer just
going to randomly do top damage in the
game even if he built by half support
items.
PP MLCS in game and draft one draft
hard. We'll get into that in just a
moment.
Viper slight nerf same character.
Warden Warden nerfed across the board in
different ways. That bold damage per
boon hurts him a lot, too, especially
because it's amplified with the Merc Mag
change. Uh
the range and speed of alchemical flask
being reduced is it feels terrible. Uh
and the debuff resistance on the
willpower reduced feels terrible.
Think of it all our menu.
Uh Warden is these nerfs on their own
are not so significant that they would
completely gut the character. It's more
so these nerfs plus the fact that carry
is nerfed and the items that Warden was
building, Veil Walker, Merc Mag,
Spiritual Overflow, all being nerfed uh
that make Warden
I think a lot more balanced. I don't
think this character is gutted and
killed. This character will always be
good or you know, probably some extent
viable I should say as long as he has
silence cage built in to his kit.
So, he's much less of a carry. He's not
as oppressive. I doubt he'll have a 55%
win rate in the MM anymore. But, I don't
think he'll have a 45% win rate. I think
this character will be much more
balanced. I don't think he's gutted. I
don't think he's overpowered. Wraith,
similar deal.
Scaler, she's nerfed as a scaler. They
also buffed plated and plated is a great
anti-Wraith item. All of her, you know,
stuff was brought down. Her healing was
brought down. Her armor shred was
brought down. Her slow was brought down.
Her items were nerfed, but not terribly.
Wraith will be much less oppressive in
MM primarily because of buffs to tempo
and nerfs to scaling.
Less because she in particular was
gutted. These changes are all rather
minor together.
Yamato, buffed again. This character is
going to be buffed because of the tempo
change. Yamato will be very good. I
think the main reason she's not being
picked in night shift right now is
because players have not been practicing
her lately because she's been so bad.
Similar to Silver, I think Yamato's
going to see a huge uptick in her play
and people practicing her.
All right, that's it. That's the patch.
Tempo super buffed, scaling nerfed.
The health of the game is restored in
many ways. These horrible effects are
gone. You can fight for the riffs you If
you're winning, AFK farming carries no
longer will take over the game. Play
tempo, take over the game, steal enemy
jungle camps, run the urn, fight the
rift, play the game the way you would
think it's supposed to be played. And
now, that's actually the way it should
be played. Whereas before, the way you
think you should play the game actually
wasn't because it was broken. The game
is no longer broken. Rejoice.
Okay, let's go watch PP.