I decided I start doing some patch
breakdowns, so today let's just start
with the 9-16 one.
Starting off we have the unstable resist
comeback.
So, this is a big deal because it allows
you to fight the first rift, especially
if you have some shred rather than just
having to give it every single time.
Comeback mechanic slightly reduced
comeback bounty is overall. Portion of
comeback is earned so split especially
to the lowest two players. That's really
good positive change. Comeback was a
very overwhelming, so now they're giving
it to the smaller people.
All right, this is a massive one right
here.
This one So, the way Calico and Rem was
originally played, I mean Krill yes to a
certain extent but not quite as close as
the rest of them. But, with Rem and
Calico you could disappear, do the box
route, and come back and have an old
timing where you can win your lane out.
That now takes it away and actually
significantly hurts them. Where I expect
Calico to not even be a top three
anymore since the changes happened. I
think Rem will still be fine though just
because of the kit unless there's any
buffs later on or nerfs to them, which
well I guess we'll see.
But, that is that is massive. Big
change.
Shadow weave, there could be play time
with this. Now, we'll have to see.
Massive spirit's rolled nerf, which is
good. The item definitely needed Ages
locket
doesn't really matter too much. Trophy
still the same.
Veil walker, those stats have to be
pretty bad now.
I could see shadow weave being built
over veil walker, but
fortitude, you're probably going to see
a lot more fortitudes coming back into
the meta with veil walker being nerfed
like it was previously.
Life strike buff
I could see heroes like drifter buying
the full life strike now. Normally you
do melee life strike so I would never
upgrade it, but I bet we're going to
start seeing some of them try it out.
Especially ones that use trade patterns
like silver and drifter who has it in
their base ability kit. Leech, that's
good. Plated, very big. This is really
good. Merc mag minute to fly wraith
auto. A lot of people don't even know
that it worked on wraith's full auto
before or that it didn't. Divine Kevlar,
probably a really good silver item. This
is a big change. I'm sure pockets are
going to buy it too. Golden goose, this
is one I was waiting for.
15 told Okay, so now you're grieving if
you buy this cuz it still counts towards
your net worth. I won't expect to see
any eggs really at all. So eggs good.
Radiant region hurts a little bit, but
all the same characters will probably
still buy it. Decay, they made it an
actual item again. They made it an
actual item again. Murk Mag,
massive change, really needed. Spiritual
Murk Mag, the two big ones that were
hit. Movement slow so far hit. Comeback
needed to be done as well. Celeste,
she's still good. Uh I might still say
she's up there number one. Haze, this is
actually pretty big. This is a pretty
big deal. So Haze has probably moved up
in the meta. I'm You'll probably see her
top three. Still still fine though. It's
a it's a good upgrade. Lady Geist,
spirit build potentially. I still don't
see why you'd choose it over any other
one, but definitely could try the spirit
build out. Haze, here comes all the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] meme builds. Can't wait. One to
plus two, this is probably a massive
like
Overall in the scheme, it's not a
massive change, but it probably makes
her circle massive.
Where like before you do the old into
three combo and they could use like two
stamina get out of it in time. With the
plus one meter now you can't anymore,
I'm pretty sure. Paradox combine build,
this is just the insta shot. It's not
You just have to fully charge it off,
you can't insta proc it anymore. Rim,
Rim is still going to be good. I still
see Rim at the top. Increased alt fire,
there's already an alt fire build going
on, so this probably makes Shiv probably
have a pretty funny good build. The
express shot where you're rocking up to
them. So I'm I bet you're going to see
some Shiv play, especially with that
express shot build. Silver is viable
again, for sure. A lot of quality
changes. Only targets heroes, don't have
to worry don't have to worry about
minions blocking minions blocking.
Interrupts fly, same rules as Phantom
Strike, okay. That's good. I'm sure it
works on zip lines as well. Ricochet
also lets bounce, this is actually
pretty good. You still You already
bought Ricochet, now just applies.
Warden, Warden got hit a lot more than
Celeste did. So I think Warden falls
down, Celeste still stays up top. Mirage
was unchanged, so Mirage is towards the
top. I think Haze is going to be towards
the top now. I think Shiv and Silver are
both viable. I don't know if they're
going to be top three or not in
competitive at least, but I still see
the Celeste, the Rim, the Hayes. I think
Calico prior goes down, which kind of
means
Drifter could go up just by proxy. The
Wraith guards
Okay, what why? A little compensation,
but I don't think it makes up. Yeah, I
mean over overall this is a really good
patch. This was much needed. Movement
slows, Silver's better, easier to lock
down, quality of life changes. Vanadar
can now use Ricochet, Split Shot, Plated
Armor's better.
Uh Nerf-wise
Spiritual Murk Mag definitely needed.
The tunnels, the tunnels were nerfed as
well, which is a big thing, especially
in laning phase. Calicos are probably
going to have to Well, Life Strike I
could see Calicos doing the two max
and two points in early to win lane
instead of leaving since there's nowhere
to leave now.
You can still do the normal box out, but
it's not nearly as efficient. I think
Celeste is still fine. Gun Lash, it's
pivoted to slash I mean to slam.
Soul Regeneration nerfs, Warding got
nerfed heavily. Celeste like I said is
still up there. Wraith nerfed, Plated by
proxy nerfs are Veil Walker I mean it
still might be fine, but I think four to
two you're going to start seeing more of
that. But yeah, like I said, overall
really good changes for the correct
direction of the game or my version of
the correct direction. Obviously I'm not
Valve, but this was really good. This is
really big. If you guys have any
questions, feel free to comment.