Since I already created a follow-along
patchnotes last video, I'm going to
focus more on the deeper analysis of it
this time since it was requested. I've
had a little more time to study the meta
and especially with DNS going today and
the team that I'm coaching currently
playing inside of it, I got a little bit
more of a an opinion on what the meta is
supposed to be. Starting off, we're just
going to go over the visuals. It's going
to be very tight. I'm here for gameplay,
so it awesome, glad they split up into
like four different neutral groups and
they're all creative with it. Amazing
visual change. Really happy with the
patch they just now made that made it
less visual clutter, which is the
biggest complaint that people had. So,
glad that they're already working on it.
So, overall visuals good, but let's get
more into the gameplay part. Starting
off with camps, camps deal more damage
now, so you need to dodge some attacks.
You're going to even see a lot of people
trying to break the meta or find a bug
basically, where you're going to go and
veil, you're going to pull a tier three
camp to you and then you're able to make
it to where the camp can't shoot you
anymore. Basically, you can clear a tier
three with taking minimal damage. As the
game keeps going, you're going to see
people try to find more bugs like that,
but basically camps require you to do
so. And next, because the camps kind of
group together and follow you, you can
group them up. So, items like rebuttal
and close quarters for them or even
stronger and heroes like Yama, for
example, that can group them all up and
punch can clear very quickly, which is
why you're going to notice that Yama
jumped up. Mina's jumping up.
Sustainability because of camps hurting
so much, so it's going to be like Rim,
Rim's perma-banned right now. Uh you
even saw a Kelvin earlier today, which I
I don't think did super well, but you
know, it's fine. They tried it out. I
think it's still good. I think heroes
like Ivy could be good as well. With
that being said, there's more vaults on
the map as well, making it harder to
defend, you know. Bell tower has three
vaults, I believe, and you have them
kind of spread out around the map. So,
Rim even higher priority. You're going
to even see Dormin starting to be more
into priority as well. Next is Lash and
Claire both getting somewhat buffed
because of the way the lane matchups
are. Like green lane, for example, the
the roof above the bridge or the tree, I
guess. The tree kind of let you control
the whole entire lane. You could just
stay up there permanently, hit minions,
get all the souls, threaten them, but at
the same time boxes are super important
right now. I think boxes are the biggest
change in this patch personally, because
you get so much souls from them, which
we'll get into in a little bit, but Lash
and Claire in green lane super strong.
Next we're going to get into sunken
plaza or some people just call it purple
pit. It connects to the secret shop
which is a big deal meaning there's more
than one way out unlike bell tower.
Second off at five minutes there's
around four to 500 souls in there that
you collect within 10 seconds. To put
this in perspective rim whole entire
tunnels that took about a minute a
little over a minute last time gave you
about 500 souls as well, but you get
them in like 10 seconds now. Next is
going to be bell tower in comparison at
five minutes 280 souls. So the five
minute to eight minute mark definitely
favors the purple pit, but once it
reaches eight minutes of course the
centers are going to take priority. Next
and because of all of this in general
arch mother I think is a
widely favored side for the main fact
that it is purple pit and it also has
the theater which if you guys I'm going
to show the map about where all the
healing minions are or the healing bats
and where all the heavy crates are and
you're going to be able to see it a lot
more about how favored arch mother is
and why they had to change the DNS rule
because of this. Basically the DNS rule
that got changed today was if you choose
a side the other person gets to choose
whether they're first or second pick. If
you choose to be first or second pick
the other person gets to choose a side.
DNS hasn't changed the rule like this
before, but they did it specifically
because of how favored the side is
currently. Next we're going to get to
the bell tower. So it's around 280 souls
like I mentioned doorman will gain
priority because you have to put a door
before you go up the rope in order to
kidnap. You can't just place a door up
top and try to place another one while
still being up top because it's going to
height gap you basically. So you have to
preset a door before you going up. But
it's extremely strong of course since
there's only one way up and one way
down. The big thing with that one is if
you hit anything the bells ring so you
there's a lot of counter play. You get
to push other side of the maps you get
to wait for them which is again why
doorman is so strong right now. I I've
only seen him once so far, but maybe
we'll start seeing him picked up in the
upcoming days or the next DNS as well.
Let's just get to the biggest part for
me in my opinion it's going to be tough
crates which are the heavy punch and
then heavy boxes. This gives 58 souls
when they first spawn and there's a lot
by almost every single lane. Several
lanes have a quick route that's going to
be worth two to 300 souls, which is
actually pretty massive. So, the neutral
wave, the one beforehand, you don't care
if they got the two boxes. Now, they
both turn into heavy boxes. So, you have
to fight the neutral because that's over
100 souls right there without hitting
any of the other surrounding boxes. So,
the 230 wave is even more important
currently. The next big part about this
is that they're guaranteed soul drops,
which makes the path instantly more
efficient. There's going to be a bunch
of box routes. I'm going to start
developing box routes and drills and
stuff like that. In general, boxes are
going to take priority over camps from
what I've seen so far and what I think
will continue since there's so many of
them on the map that it's probably going
to get nerfed. Next is since the camps
are ordered, with these boxes being
heavy punch oriented, while they're
guaranteed and they're super good for
you, it also hurts Calico a little bit
because you have to leave cat form in
order to punch it, which is it's you
know, it's kind of a big deal depending
on how you played it. Calico hasn't been
picked yet at all and I have a good
feeling that's above that. Another quick
thing is you may wonder why Infernus
fell out of the meta. Before, Infernus
had a global amp where basically if you
were to use your napalm on someone, they
would get the bonus damage, like any of
your teammates. Now, that is not there
anymore, but I didn't think I saw it on
the patch notes. But, if you are
wondering why Infernus just fell off,
that is why. It's still picked, but it
was sixth pick when before it was first
banned first pick. Okay, next we're
going to go into the centers. These are
more centers and hiding spots. Because
of this, Drifter is higher priority,
which you're seeing a lot of like
Drifter Apollos, the roamers, the Some
people are going to call them like the
creepy characters, the ones that are
annoying to verse, that would Beebop
would classify under it even though
Paradox is being higher priority than
Beebop now, but those are going to be
more viable, especially since Drifter
has the sense so he can see if you're
inside of it and the stealth doesn't
apply to him. Next, we're going to go
into the healing bats. The healing bats
are super underrated still. Now, it
gives you 10% of maximum HP, not missing
HP. So, even if you take the first bit
of damage in lane, there's normally
surrounding bats, which I'm going to
show you guys where they're at and the
the chart of it. And even if you take
200 damage, go right behind your lane
and just pick the two up and come back.
It's very quick, very efficient,
especially if you match them together
with the box route if you're a roamer.
So, definitely abuse them. They're
they're very, very strong in lane. And
then the next analysis is going to be
Broker, the corrupted items are
extremely good, but since they're being
removed soon, I'm going to just do a
separate video with a tier list of them
before they are disappearing and just
focus on the gameplay here. Just keep in
mind DNS thought these were so strong
that teams agreed on 60 minutes. Some
teams agreed on 45 minutes before they
came available. I think in NA finals
it's 30 minutes, but that's because of
the super team, they wanted to keep it
interesting. But for the most part, it's
too overpowered, especially the divine
barrier one where they don't want to
allow it in pro play. Then the next part
is going to be the auto movement that
they added. So, there's one specifically
that I have to mention that every single
person should have, and that is the auto
mantle, specifically the backward auto
mantle. Because when you're kiting and
you turn around, you can climb up
something and mantle slide backwards
without even looking at it, which is
extremely broken if you're trying to
escape, kite, and shoot at the same
time. So, I highly recommend every
single person enable it. My overall meta
thoughts currently, besides what I said
so far, is I expect more emphasis on
farming, which could slow down the game
a bit. I'm expecting a lot more box
runs, teams being able to punish towers
because of it. People are going to get
used to it, but it's going to take some
adjusting periods. I think heroes like
Celeste is still going to be extremely
strong because of how fast they are,
basically, and she's great at scaling. I
think Krul's going to be higher up
because Billy kind of fell off with this
meta being, you know, more oriented
towards camps and things like that, that
you need more up time. So, I think Krul
would be definitely stronger, and we've
already seen it in DNS today, and really
no other front line. That's why you're
going to see picks like Apollo and
Drifter, right? Those are a good
combination together. They're going to
be the pseudo front lines, where you
just farm better, but it requires two
picks to make your comp work with them.
And the last thing that I'm going to
mention is the parrying Guardian takes
your cool down now. So, beforehand you
could parry it and then you have parry
up again, so they couldn't swing at you.
Now, they can't. So, you can actually
punish them diving and it makes it
harder to dive you as well. So, say they
dive and parry tower and go after you.
The second they parry that tower, swing
a heavy melee on them. The tower is
going to wake up soon, and you're going
to get damage off, so they have to fight
you underneath it. And most of the time
that leads to you actually trading or
giving a better advantage whenever
they're diving you. So, a lot of people
won't even dive anymore, except for like
Apollo with two points in his three
because of the bullet resist, for
example. There's or Krillin and Burrow
because the tower would target him, but
he doesn't really take any damage. So,
it's going to see need some kind of like
substitute to be able to tank that tower
now. If you guys made it to this point
in the video, I'm going to just assume
you guys liked it. So, make sure to like
and subscribe and let me know any future
content or feedback that you want to
make these videos better. Appreciate it,
guys.