Watch this.
An honesty tier list. Abrams is honest.
Apollo is evil. Bebop players should be
banned.
&gt;&gt; A few inches later.
&gt;&gt; What do you guys think? These are the
only honest heroes in the entire game.
Do you guys actually want me to do a
tier list again? I actually can. I'm
kind of in the mood. Um unfortunately,
due to underlying circumstances, uh
we're going to have to do this one solo.
We're not going to have any uh special
guests here. Anyway, that's fine. Uh so,
New Earn, King of the Hill mode, less
like actual like AoE focused, to be
honest, and more like actual like
brawling strength. It's definitely less
like AoE slot. Because like McGinnis
last patch, for example, you'd have to
stand on
something that is the width of McGinnis
old, so she just kind of one shots you,
right? That's not really the case
anymore like at all. You can actually
just fight in the air. So, those heroes
are going to be way down. I guess we
should just start left to right here,
eh? Abrams, I would honestly go as far
to say that Abrams is a meta pick. Is
that wrong?
Abrams is just like consistently good.
Like probably bottom of A.
But like
I feel like Abrams is just uh I don't
know. He's a strong hero. He just feels
great.
You know? He's not oppressive. Like he's
not one shotting you.
But yeah, like he's doing a lot for the
team.
I would say probably going to be end up
being the bottom of A. It's Yeah, it
feels like he's a bit between A and B.
We've seen him get a lot of play like
top He We've seen him get picked like
fifth in competitive like in terms of
like, you know, one ban on each team.
Then he's like a third pick on the top
half in competitive a lot, and they find
value out of it. And I agree. It does
seem very strong. Just not like giga OP.
I'm going to be honest. Apollo, I tried
to make him work. It's just I don't
know, man.
I don't even know what to tell you. This
hero just The repost change feels
unplayable. What do you guys even think
this hero's win rate is?
Do you guys know? Apollo has like a 42%
win rate in my low. Like 42. It's like
It's the worst in the game.
Yeah. It just doesn't
Yeah, it really feels like he can't
function very well. He really
barely I I don't even know. I think it's
on barely playable personally.
It feels like you can play it um and it
does have its moments,
but like for the most part, you just get
I don't even know. Just some of the
comps that I get put up against when I'm
on Apollo, you really feel like a
chicken nugget after 10 minutes.
Reposition really carried that kit and
it doesn't feel good anymore. Do you
think a character that was so reliant on
a specific ability is good design?
Honestly, we said it in the last tier
list, but like
I don't feel like Apollo's kit was bad.
Apollo's kit was phenomenal. It had too
high of numbers. Apollo didn't need a
rework. He needed a number adjustment.
And the reposition didn't need a full
rework. It needed like it needed like
higher cool down and lower dash distance
and you know, make it to where you have
to aim in a cone and not like behind
you. Um but other than that, I think the
rework was not needed cuz now I don't
know. Maybe it's balanced in the grand
scheme of things, but it just in
comparison to what the other options you
have in that slot of hero archetype,
it's trash. But maybe that's balanced.
It's just the other heroes haven't
gotten that treatment yet, so he seems
trash. I don't know. Bebop, I really
don't value this hero very highly.
I feel like Bebop is just okay.
I don't value this hero very highly at
all. Um I I would honestly
I I would probably put Bebop here. I
don't even know. I feel like he's just
like Like why would you play Bebop? Why
would you play Bebop over Paradox this
patch? I really don't I don't know why
you ever would. The new word also makes
him even worse. Um I'm I'm going to go
with Billy. I'm going to say mid. I I
think Billy's extremely strong. Billy
has so much HP and does so much damage
for having so much HP that any any of
his utility is just a bonus. I think
he's a great brawler. And you know,
looking forward to like how his old
works with the new earn, it could be
really good.
Honestly, it could be really uh it could
be really good using his old to pull
people off the point and things like
that.
I think he's definitely a meta pick.
Calico definitely needs help. Calico's
rework kind of just feels
I don't even know where to go with this
one. Everyone still has 10 million HP
and flies
and Calico is
round locked hero with burst damage that
is counterable in many ways. It's she
doesn't have that much damage. I don't
know what to say.
It's almost like they want her to be a
front liner the way her kit plays out.
But then she doesn't have HP and she
doesn't even do that much damage. So I
don't even know what to tell you. Like I
explain how Calico can fight a silver
this patch. Can anybody explain that to
me? Like you're just you're food.
I think Celeste is a lot better than
people make it out to be.
I I think Celeste is great.
But people really struggle to make it
work consistently. I'll probably just
put it in like maybe top of B for now. I
think it should be better, but I haven't
seen it enough.
She should be meta, but I don't see it.
I don't see it enough consistently.
People aren't finding value consistently
out of it in my games. I think it's
great, but Dorman definitely S. Dorman
is just this weird thing where Okay, so
maybe if you guys are new to Deadlock,
you won't understand my reference, but
if you're older, you'll understand this
fully. Dorman is like arguably the
second best hero in the game
and he has his win rate is only not 60%
because half the community or more plays
the wrong build. But it's like Bomb
Beebop. Back in the day Bomb Beebop was
like a 40% win rate build. Gun Beebop
was a 60% win rate build. So in high
elo, it's only Gun Beebop. In low elo,
it's all Bomb Beebop and they equal the
win rate out to like 48.
But if those noobs didn't play the wrong
build, it would literally be like the
highest win rate hero in the game.
And Dorman's the same thing. People that
play Vortex web cheat death kidnap build
are severely lowering the win rate of
the hero because you can can play Dorman
like a position one carry with bells and
do 70,000 damage with insane utility.
This character just in in high elo is
top damage like almost every game.
This hero is just insane.
Like the bells do great talent levels of
damage with his with and then you you
don't even have to mention his other
utility.
His door is all is one of the best ways
to deal with silver in the game,
probably the only one in the entire
game. Silver is so broken, the only way
to deal with silver
is to temporarily send her to the nether
dimension.
And then she comes out and still kills
everyone, but it's one of the only ways
to put to deal with her. Other than
that, Dorman has a great lane and great
just when it's just there's so much
damage. It's just a The issue is
it's just
the it's just damage. I don't know what
to say, it's just damage. His he does
gun just too much damage, his bells do
too much damage, GG.
For how strong his kit is
you would think he'd be more supporty,
but it's not. This guy's doing like 50k
plus damage a game.
Drifter, I'm going to put Drifter in all
right.
Drifter is definitely B. I mean, he
doesn't have CC, you could argue the old
is kind of CC. He does decent damage,
he's decent early, he's decent mid, he's
decent late. It kind of just depends on
your skill and how many stacks you get.
He's not a the best team fighter in the
game, he's not an unplayable team
fighter. He is one of the most balanced
heroes in the game, I think. He's he's
he's a hero
that is
he's probably one of the most balanced
in the game, honestly. Dynamo.
I'm going to go with all right for
Dynamo.
This hero is he really punishes bad
positioning and and in low elo that's
very common.
But he's not he's not a star. He's not a
star, you know? He does his job. Quantum
is a great spell about Drifter. He's
great, he's balanced.
I don't know what to say, he's balanced.
He's just a balanced hero. I don't I
don't have much words to say.
He's pretty like before he like
dominated the early and mid game with
his damage, he doesn't do that anymore.
And then he provides amazing utility. In
my pistol, why does Door Guy needs nerf?
It's Exactly my point was just proven
entirely. Here we go. Here we go, chat.
Let me get a a drink of water.
Yeah, I don't know. Graves is all right.
I would say Graves was like top of A
before the nerfs. Now I'd probably say
B.
She just has a lot of weaknesses and a
lot of her damage got nerfed and if
she's not doing a lot of damage, then
she's not a two stamina hero with no
movement and low HP. She's playable,
sure. Is she OP? No. Graves is uh
something that we'll talk about later
with Paige. She's a victim hero. She's a
victim of if if lane next to you feeds a
guy or has a strong movement hero, they
will come over to your lane and kidnap
you off cool down and you're just going
to get so behind you'll be useless. Like
she just like she's a victim. If you're
ahead, it can be really annoying to deal
with her, right? But she's usually not
the reason you're ahead.
It's about pairing her with other strong
early game heroes and things like that.
She's just like all right.
In low elo, I get it. You guys don't
always have the counters. Your carries
don't counter it properly. I get it. I
understand. In low elo, oh sure. Rest
here broken. I get it.
But the reality is she's not even that
strong.
Like at all, to be honest. Like Okay,
for an example, I'm trying to make this
tier list for like everybody. So like
I'm trying to average them out. If I was
being genuine, this hero would be down
here.
But since I'm trying like for high elo,
it'd be down here. But for everyone's
elo, I'm putting it up here. I don't
think it's very playable, but
Gray Talon
Gray Talon's broken. Needs nerfs. You
know what's hilarious though? The
funniest thing is I hope they the devs
balance this properly. The thing that is
broken about both of Doorman and Gray
Talon is that the their early gun items
are so strong that it makes their like
it makes their early game so
unbelievably broken that they're always
ahead, consistently strong. And then you
can just build spirit on top of your
already crazy gun damage with no
investment. The same three items.
The same it's the same like the same
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's just mystic shot opening
rounds that are just so broken.
And then the new sharpshooter makes GT
like over the top. This is broken. Also
yeah, mean Talon is Talon is just a
guiding thing early.
He just has so much gun damage and he
has no downtime on his two. Talon used
to be like reliant on cooldowns on his
one, but now he doesn't. Now his two is
always up and he always has gun damage.
Your gun does so much damage that you
can just not even use your one. Your gun
does so much damage in the early to mid
game that you can just jump on someone
early and then just hit three auto
attacks with your two then bird them and
get a stack. Then he just snowballs.
He He's a character that needs very
careful balance. Because you nerf him
too much, then he is a snowbally hero
and he can't farm. It's one of those
things where you nerf him too hard, he's
going to feel unplayable.
The best thing GT has going for him is
the execute on bird. Honestly, the gun
like
you don't even build for the one on
Great Talon until so late in the game.
You literally go 2.2 444. Like you're
not The old max is so broken and the two
is so broken. Building for the one.
Haze, okay. Haze is just like they got
to do something about Haze. Because it
used to be one of the most fun and
higher skill ceiling expressive heroes
in the game.
And it's just
they did this thing where instead of
Haze being fun to play and skill
expressive, it's now not fun to play and
not fun to play against. So, hats off to
the devs for figuring out how to do
that. But, yeah.
Her entire identity is about cursing you
out of invisibility and one shotting you
with her old which isn't even aiming.
You don't even use her auto attack. You
literally just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ults you. Ult
with curse, you run away with
invisibility. Like that That's You're
not even like like the fun parts of the
kit aren't even used anymore. I'm going
to put her on barely playable.
She just She does have value as an
assassin, but she is very counterable.
It's one of those It's just like It's
one of those things like Drifter where
if you're on a If you're on a winning
team,
right? If you're on on winning team and
you have three winning lanes and you
have a haze and you can just sit there
in early save up for curse and then you
run into the jungle and shut down the
enemy seven who is their only chance of
coming back into the game with curse
before he has the money to counter buy
then it's broken. But if you're on the
losing team this character is dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
You know it's one of those things that
it only works in one game play loop and
a lot of the times it's not decided by
you.
It only works from a positive to neutral
game state
and a lot of yeah that's not guaranteed.
A lot of the other heroes in this game
can function at any point. Haze only
functions with like map control and
extra gold to be able to save for like
luxury items and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
But if you're behind then they have more
money than you and more income than you
that they can just afford the counter
items then you won't even do enough
damage to do anything.
And even then it's not that broken. It's
just like really it's it's annoying at
best.
You die to it once a game and then you
buy a counter items and then you would
just play as a team and then she's
actually just doesn't she doesn't have
any fun.
Haze was skill expressive for a long
time. Haze was just not skill expressive
cuz they buffed the ults. Holiday?
I feel like Holiday is an all right. Is
that a bad take?
I think she's fine.
It's a skill expressive here. I guess
you guys don't see good pilots.
She's fine.
And she's she's good like the pilots
make her good.
The issue is you guys don't are just bad
and I don't blame you for being bad you
don't play the game all day. So like it
is what it is.
Like the same reason that Graves can't
be good is because you guys can't handle
it and it's the same thing for Holiday.
If Holiday was giga buffed it would be
it would take over my lobbies and it
would be so unplayable. But like
the issue is
it's even if they got it buffed Holiday
a lot it wouldn't even be that strong in
your guys's games it would take over
high elo.
There's a lot of heroes like that it's
just hard to explain.
That's fine.
I genuinely think she's playable.
I guess I might put her top of a barely
playable. I don't know man it's just
kind of larp. And if you're like in a
turn it's fine right? If you're not in a
turn it's fine I guess barely playable I
don't know.
Her moving is so good. And furnace?
I think in furnace is fine.
I think in furnace is like is actually
balanced. I would say Infernus is like
the same strength as Drifter. You can
you can have great games on Infernus,
but on average you're not going to
you're not like OP or anything.
You can have solid games. Infernus is
never like OP OP. It's very balanced, I
think. I don't really have much to say
about Infernus other than Infernus the
reason he's not OP is because he giga
struggles into the into the meta picks.
Infernus into the meta characters is
fully diffed.
But if you're in like mid elo or
whatever and you have an Infernus game
and you're not against people that are
min-maxing everything and are on the
most OP heroes, you can probably pop
off. Um but like it's just obviously I'm
extremely biased. I know I'm biased. I'm
trying to cater to everybody, but I have
my own experiences.
And in my games the reality is that like
the enemy team comp is going to have
Silver, Great Talon, Dormant Paradox
every game. And if you're on Infernus,
you don't have any fun against that. You
just get one-shotted.
But if you RNG and you're on the good
draft team and you're not against all
your counters, he can do great. He's
just not going to win. If you kill him
100 times, you're going to win 50 games.
He's pretty balanced hero. Don't know
what to say. He's fine. Ivy? I also
think Ivy is fine.
I think Ivy is very balanced. I I I
genuinely. I think Ivy is fully is fully
balanced. Like I think Ivy's great.
I think Ivy's old is like a very low
cool down, which makes me laugh. Makes
me laugh a lot.
I'm going to like move these.
But like yeah, I don't even know what to
say. I think Ivy's fine.
I think Ivy's very balanced. Her old
cool down is so low that it does make me
laugh. Echo charged stoneform is also
bull
I'll start the petition now. Ivy
stoneform is a movement ability and it
should be slow hex. I think it's wrong
that Ivy has four stamina and an
unhexable i-frame. It is stupid. I also
I also think Okay, here's the thing. You
use Ivy old like you used or sorry, you
use Ivy 3 as an i-frame more than it
Okay, picture it this way, right?
There's a lash old coming at you, right?
And you have to use your eye frame
ability, which are very luxury.
If you're on any other hero, your eye
frame is a movement ability, and it can
be hexable. Ivy's is not. You can just
stone form even while slowing hexed. The
only one in the game.
Pretty sure. And it heals you like a
bajillion and does a bajillion damage
and stuns. It has too many things.
It's too many check marks is on check
marks on the box. Pocket brief case.
I guess, but Ivy does the same amount of
damage and heals you for You know what
I'm saying? There's too many things on
the utility there. If Pocket healed you
for 17% of your missing HP, then I
agree. But it's she
She has too many of them. Ivy's just
does too many boxes with her stone form,
in my opinion.
It does one too many things.
Also, you Pocket's is different. Ivy's
stone form has no synergies with her
kit. Pocket would be the worst hero in
the game if you could slow hex his
three. It's a different thing entirely.
Who is not in eye frame? That's a
self-exposed. If you got If you cube,
you can just get lash ulted and still
fly like you're not You're not eye
framed in a way.
You're not out of world. Ivy's stone
form is the backbone of Ivy. Because
it's an OP spell. Doesn't have to be.
The one is so garbage. I think you could
still buff the one.
Brother, her one didn't used to do this
much damage or stun as long. I don't
even know what you're larping about.
Okay. You use Pocket three
to be able to stall for your Pocket two.
If you couldn't do that, Pocket would be
the worst hero in the game cuz you can
already slow your hexes two.
But like Ivy doesn't have that issue
though. That's just just too many boxes.
I thought Ivy I thought Ivy stone form
was good before they buffed it. And then
they just made it like have like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
like a two plus scaling plus a two three
seconds done. That shit's OP. But I like
At the end of the day, I'm saying it's
balanced. I don't know what to tell you.
I just think her having
that many things on one spell and having
four stamina is a little bit privileged.
Make Ivy three stam in my opinion, and
then she's balanced.
And then buff her one. Um Holiday is
good. If you're not If you don't If If
you don't If you're not good at video
games, Holiday's probably not good.
I don't know what to tell you. Holiday
is definitely good in high elo. It's
just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in low I don't know what
to tell you. Kelvin?
I think Kelvin's balanced. I don't even
think he's that good. I think he's very
balanced. I would say all right.
It's annoying. I don't think it I don't
think it's OP though.
Maybe like here?
This tier list is about to take a big
turn.
We're going through all the uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
heroes right now. We're about to go
through some rants, I think. Kelvin Dome
is giga nerfed after the last patch.
Lady Geist?
Lady Geist should be a lot better now,
actually, with this new urn. I'm going
to be honest. I think we're going to
start seeing Geist again now that the
new urn is less AoE slop and more can
Now [snorts] that Now that the new urn
is more like longer team fights and less
just full AoE slop, I think Geist is
going to be a lot stronger.
I'm probably going to slot Geist like
What We're going to slot it up here. I I
could see it going up or down, though.
I mean like genuinely, I want this hero
to be lower, but I don't I If I do it,
I'm going to get canceled, so I It is
what it is.
It is
Geist being meta is a Scrooge on the
game.
I Okay, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I'm doing this. This
just bothers me. I can't do it.
What do you call it?
Bro, I agree. When Geist is OP, the game
sucks.
I really do not look forward to the days
where Geist is OP again. It is When
Geist is OP, the game sucks. I just said
it.
When When the meta is a 6,000 HP gun
hero running around just spamming fire
rate slop, it's the game sucks.
I think the the balance of the game is
in a very great spot right now. There's
like In my opinion, it's like way better
than it's been in the last 6 months.
The urn made a lot of things OP, but now
that the urn is different, the game is
like 10 times more balanced than it was
before.
I would say Lash is a meta pick. I I
would say he's probably bottom of A.
He's good. Lash is good. Always good.
Does Lash is never bad.
You're new to the game and you want to
hear what to play?
Lash is just Lash has privilege as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
He's never He's never nerfed. Lash has
never been below A, I swear. Yeah, they
they moved the urn to top of the bridge,
exactly. That is very big for Lash.
McGinnis. How do we feel about McGinnis
now that urn has changed? And she got
nerfed. I think she's good. I don't
think she's OP, though. I think she's
like here.
I think she's good.
I would still take a McGinnis on my team
over a drifter, a Geist, an Infernus, a
Dynamo, Graves right now, like by a lot,
probably.
But I Also, the old was OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but
I I think the other aspects of her kit
are actually good, though. Like
genuinely. Like if you if you disregard
the old build, the other aspects of her
kit are still viable. Extended urn
fights, like I I want to see I want to
see more McGinnises building max two and
three early and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. Like max
wall is so annoying. Max like the the
thing is that's cool about McGinnis is
what you can do with her turrets, like
with the way you can cut off rotates on
jump pads and things like that. I think
that's cool. I think like extended urn
fights having a big AoE max heal, that
would be very valuable. The walls that
zone people off of locations on the new
urn would be really valuable. It's just
like she she's just good, I want to say.
Her old isn't like giga OP, but like
she's definitely still good. If this
character is Here's the argument. Here
Here's the argument I don't understand.
Here's the argument I don't understand,
okay? If Graves can have her minions be
Oh, no, they're never allowed. This
character can never be good. No, no, no.
And they ner- they hotfix nerf it every
every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] week. Why why is McGinnis
an outlier? Cuz you know what's funny?
McGinnis had a higher win rate than
Graves this entire patch. And has better
stats in every category. I don't know
what to tell you. Graves has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
early game. McGinnis has an OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
early game. There's a massive difference
there, and one of those attributes makes
her OP in higher elo. McGinnis has a
giga strong lane. Graves has a terrible
lane. Monster urn should work on
turrets. It literally does. It literally
does, so that's a self-expose. Yeah, I
agree. McGinnis and Graves are just
chore characters, and I don't think
that's a big deal that they they you
just have to deal with them. Yeah, I
agree. Mina? Look, I'm not going to fall
for the propaganda. P People Mina had a
bunch of tourists. People only played
Mina to abuse her. People only played
Mina because she was so broken they just
had no hands. They could just do their
last little climb from Aeternum from
Ascendant one to Aeternum six from just
one tricking this OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mina hero.
Mina is not bad.
She just had a bunch of tourists that
abused her to get high elo and then she
got nerfed and she instantly fell off
the face of the earth because why would
you why would you try and play a hero
and try and make a decent hero good? Why
would you try and reinvent the wheel?
They don't because they're not good at
the game. They just abused her because
she was OP. They got nerfed. They didn't
even try it. They just quit.
Cuz that's what those people are.
They're quitters and losers.
That's what meta tourists are. Mina's
still a good hero. It's completely fine.
Everyone is larping that she's weak.
Mina's still a great hero. Don't let me
tell you.
Mirage, I still think Mirage is good. I
I think I think I'm I'm very I'm very
surprised that Mirage didn't get nerfed.
I think I'm I'm I don't even want to I
don't even want to get into it.
I I I really don't want to get into it,
but I really dislike the direction they
went with Mirage.
I I think the fact that his two got
buffed so much is just really bothers
me.
Mirage, in my opinion,
is like I don't know. Maybe I'm biased,
but I I think Mirage is like top three
most annoying heroes in the game to deal
with. I it's just so frustrating. It's
like, "Oh, nice. They're They're making
a positioning mistake on the right side
of the map. Let's go run the earn team."
And then a Rem attaches to a Mirage and
they split push my walker then double
teleport into the earn fight and we lose
a walker to Rem minions and then and a
Mirage shoving the wave and we lose the
earn fight six v six. Like, "Oh, okay."
And then once he gets there, I get
tornadoed four times. Yeah, okay. And
then the I-frame movement bullet evasion
ability does a thousand damage to you.
And then if you try and trade him
afterwards that he tornadoes you four
times
and you somehow survive, he has like a
50% bullet evasion and a 35% damage
penalty. So, basically what you do is
you just alt f4 from the game because
it's trash. I don't know. Playing
against Moa is just actual torture. Moa
and Krill. I think Moa and Krill is a
very humble hero.
I think it's good.
I'll probably put Moa and Krill here.
I think Moa is completely fine.
I I feel like Moa is balanced
genuinely.
The humble 6K health at 20 minutes here.
Oh, chat, who's going to tell the guy?
Who's going to tell that guy in chat
that Warden has more HP than Moa and
Krill and does four times the damage? Is
anyone going to tell him? Paige? Paige
is still garbage. Paige needs help bad.
Everybody in the game has 6,000, 4,000
HP and Paige you just like have you just
have 2,000 and it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
terrible. Paige is the only character in
the game with that low of HP. It's
actually incredible.
Paige at 40 minutes will actually still
have like 2,300 HP. And then you look
around and every other character in the
game is sitting there at 4,800.
She's just a victim. You just get fully
one-shotted and there's nothing you can
do. Paige just is a liability. Paige has
a great kit, but she's a liability.
It requires too much coordination and
even then at the highest levels of pro
play with the most coordination they
refuse to pick this hero in any region
on any team because she's too much of a
liability. It just sucks. Yeah, it's
really funny how the devs work with
these things because like something like
Paige Paige will be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for like 3
months now
and they don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that she has
low HP. But then Venator goes from the
best hero in the game to a to a slightly
weak hero for like 2 weeks and then they
hotfix buff him and then double his
health pool.
But Paige is just neglected. It really
does bother me with the inconsistency of
hotfix nerfs.
It really bothers me.
I I really don't like how some heroes
get if they're strong for 1 week they
get hotfixed. Some heroes can ruin the
game for 3 months and not even get
hotfixed a single time. It just
genuinely bothers me. It feels like it
feels like there's There's developers
that are responsible for each individual
hero and if one of them's not in the
office or he doesn't agree, that shit's
not getting nerfed. And no one else can
touch his his baby. That's what it feels
like.
And it really bothers me. Like God
forbid we nerf Mirage and Silver. God
forbid, you know? God forbid Mirage,
Pocket, and Silver get nerfed. God
forbid, it's impossible. But, you know,
hold on a minute. If if if if Graves is
OP for or Kelvin's OP for 10 seconds,
hotfix immediately.
If Viscix is strong for 24 hours, that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is Bro, Viscix will get a buff.
It'll get It'll go from 44 win rate to
51. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Back immediately. And they wake
everybody up, they bring in all the
troops, they get get that guy straight
back down. But, they're like,
"Hold on a minute.
Silver can be the highest pick rate in
E6 with 55% win rate and just 1v6 in pro
play for a 4 months. No problem. Pride
month, can't nerf the furry."
It's facts. Paradox, broken as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I would say Paradox was S tier until the
earn changes. Now, I'm going to put it
in A. Now, it's a little bit worse,
100%. But, I did think it was like the
best tier in the game before that.
Like up there. Bots? Pocket, I mean,
yeah. Pocket is just fundamentally
broken. There's a big disconnect between
high elo and low elo, and this is why
Pocket has a So, here's an example. I
don't know if you guys know this. Over
the last 3 months, Pocket has been
permabanned in 90% of competitive games,
first pick, first ban.
And it's there's a huge disconnect
between high elo and low elo with
Pocket. And you might think,
&gt;&gt; "Well, he's a movement hero. He's got
some nifty tips and tricks. That's why
he's broken. He's not actually strong,
he's just a skill gap hero. Kappa Ross."
&gt;&gt; I'm one of the better Pocket players. I
know everything about the hero. It's not
a It's not a hard hero.
They made it to where if you know the
the the best way to play Pocket is your
first 7,000 gold is you buy all gun
items, and you one-shot everyone with a
gun damage amp. And then you get so
ahead because you farm the jungle cuz
your gun one-shots every camp, every
tower, every everything. And then late
game with your APs are OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and
they buff the AP schedule order to where
you get your max APs faster for your
secondary spells. So like in the mid
game Pocket gets max affliction way
faster than he would before. So now you
just like run around with your cloak,
you can infinitely split push, he breaks
the game. You can't get punished on a
wave ever because he can just his cloak
has a zero downtime.
And the gun items make it to where he
just one-shots everything if you leave
him alone on a sidewalker. With the new
gun you get gun damage on your two.
He just one-shots everything now and
then cloaks away.
But in low elo you guys aren't
min-maxing those APMs and you're not
even fielding gun items properly. So
it's just like you you you just lose.
Something has to be done about like the
I think it's the gun on Pocket that
makes that makes him OP like high key.
Genuinely broken. Second best tier in
the game.
I would say Rem I think Rem's good.
I'm going to put Rem here.
Genuinely. The the Rem the the new Rem
healing is just like so difficult to
deal with. If if you're a good Rem
player and you're good you buy echo
shard and you have good and you have an
Abrams and like a you have an Abrams and
a warden or a silver and a shiv on your
team and you have I guess maybe it's
like a thing that requires a perfect
synergy formula but like dude, if you're
a good Rem player and you've got good
frontline players in your team, you heal
them way too much. The healing is
insane.
It's like I don't know if anyone has the
clip of the Rem healing the Billy that
we dove as a five-man with Cosmedical
and the guy just gets full healed from
like zero HP to like 5,000 instantly.
Yeah, like Rem with Billy is so
frustrating.
More broken than pre-patch Magina's heal
facts. Okay, it's time to have an
uncomfortable conversation and I need
some opinions.
I think Seven is like guys
it's time to have an uncomfortable
conversation.
Everyone says Seven low elo stomper it
his win rate in D6 is not very great,
it's biased. Blah blah blah. It's
starting to get up to a point where I
don't think we can pretend anymore.
47.7%
pick rate 59.1%
win rate, and the highest Elo. Like,
come on. Can we be real for a second
here? Be real for a second here.
Matchmaking sucks,
and Seven is the best hero to carry a
game in solo queue Elo.
This character is legit broken in every
single aspect of the game except maybe
competitive, and that's that that I
still think it could be good there.
And I I I'm going to go against the
curve. I think this hero is broken.
Whenever I play this hero, I'm just
laughing to the bank at how easy it is
to carry the game.
Seven is legit. It's
I'm tired of people pretending that
other like you know what? I hate this
game. I hate this community.
Seven for the last 3 months has been
more broken than like any of the other
heroes that I play are that are
seasonal. And then it's just ignored.
It's frustrating.
Like Seven is better than Graves was at
peak ever.
But nobody talked about it. You're just
not allowed to talk about Seven. No,
it's not actually that good. But Seven
is better than Graves has ever been. I
don't know what to tell you. Seven's
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken.
It's very good. And I'm going to save
probably below Abrams right there.
Shiv is just, you know, is basically
Silver 2 years ago.
So, maybe this is my hope with Silver.
Maybe after 2 years of nerfs to Silver,
she'll fall down from S+ to A, top of A.
Shiv is just one of those heroes that
has never been weak.
Hero is always broken. The only thing he
can't do is jungle. Everything else is
broken.
Shiv is broken.
End of story. Still Shiv buys no damage
items and deals insane amounts of
damage.
I'm tired of it.
If you want to be a tank, you can be a
tank. If you want to be a damage dealer,
you can be a damage dealer. But let's
just not be larpers for a second, and
let's just all agree that Shiv does way
too much damage for buying zero damage
items. I mean, Shiv doesn't even buy
improved spirit. He doesn't even even
have to buy that. Other heroes, you got
to buy boundless, you got to buy rapid
recharge, you got to buy spirit burn.
Shiv, he doesn't even buy rapid
recharge. he doesn't even buy extra
spirit, he doesn't even buy fall. He
buys green items in radiant region and
cold front, and he does more damage than
most of the other DPS heroes in the
game. It's just larp. It's larp larp
larp Sahour. He has one of the highest
health pools in the game. He has better
movement than most DPS's by a mile, one
of the best movements. And he does crazy
damage. I it's it's sickening. It's just
always OP, I don't know. Cancer. Oh my
Like I've been playing Deadlock for a
long time. I've been playing Deadlock
for a long time. I have over 5 or 6,000
hours for in Deadlock. I do not
understand how Silver made it to live
servers. I do not understand it. I
genuinely want to quit the game because
Silver is so OP. And I have been playing
Deadlock 365 days a year for 2 years,
8 hours a day. I've never wanted to play
the game less than right now. This
Silver hero is so stupid. Like
legitimately, like what are they even
thinking?
Like Yamato will like Yamato gets an old
on a 200 second cool down, and when
she's in the old, if she gets a kill
somehow, you know, she gets to extend
the old by a second and a half.
Meanwhile, Silver has a better human
form outside of the old than Yamato does
without their old. Silver has a 40
second cool down Yamato old. When you
pop Silver old, you heal for 700. You
one shot them. There's no way you
couldn't get a kill unless you're a
handless vegetable. She one shots any
hero in the game down 10,000 gold. You
get a kill while saving all your points
for your old max cuz you don't even need
to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do any damage in anything. It's
And then you one shot them, get 19
seconds more on your old. That's already
on a 40 second cool down, by the way. So
now your 40 second cool down old is a 40
second duration Yamato old. One shots
everyone over and over and over again.
One of the strongest laners in the game.
One of the strongest earn fighters in
the game. One of the strongest mid boss
fighters in the game. Has a built-in
slowing hex, built-in disarming hex,
built in healing tempo, built in spell
slinger, built in
You know what? The game sucks. If If If
other heroes in the game that are
historically weak get buffed for 1 day,
all hell breaks loose. Wow, Pocket's OP.
Wow, Paradox is OP. Wow, Magnius is OP.
Graves is OP. Drifter's OP. Mina's OP.
Whine whine whine whine whine. Silver
can be first pick, first ban in
competitive for 4 months. Never will be
weak ever. Dodges every hotfix. Like I
don't even know how. And it's genuinely
just as broken as release Shiv was. And
I'm tired of pretending it's not. I
genuinely think we might have life on
Mars before Silver gets nerfed and draft
is added. Okay, here's the problem. The
game is great. The game is beautiful. I
will play Deadlock till the day the
servers go down forever. It'll be my
full-time job, my full-time passion. I
love Deadlock. The game would develop
faster if people weren't scared of of
getting backlash for their opinions.
Just tell the truth. Everyone is lying
all the time. Sinclair? Okay, I don't
even know. Sinclair is just one of those
things that's like, why would you sweaty
gamer meme 10,000 apes when you could
just play for Silver? Why would you play
Sinclair when you play Grey Talon? Why
would you play Like these characters are
so OP that it doesn't even reward like
trying hard on Sinclair and using your
brain. Like it's niche, it's fun. It can
be really OP. It's once again MOBA
without draft.
They can't fully 1v6 on Sinclair. It's
not OP. I don't know what to tell you.
Sinclair might be OP when there's draft.
Sinclair is like he's just all right.
He's just all right. Venerator? Yeah,
this shit's broken.
Venerator is like probably the strongest
hero in the game that doesn't need to be
gutted gutted. It's like I think it's
needs nerfs category, but I know people
probably get mad. Whatever. Whatever,
I'm putting it in needs nerfs. I don't
give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Should I? Yeah, I'm down.
Eh, maybe here. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know.
This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is like Maybe I'll just flip
these.
This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is broken. I don't know what
to tell you. He's just like he's just a
What What am I clicking? Deadlock random
hero will. Okay, let's spin it. ADHD
mode, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Spinning a wheel. What
What am I clicking? I don't even know
what I just clicked. Congratulations,
you won. Come to section 10 at the merch
booth and claim your prize. Thank you so
much. And Venator, yeah, good hero. Good
ass hero. Uh a little bit too much HP.
Months ago he had no HP. Now he have a
lot of HP, do a lot of damage, don't
take skill. Uh yeah, pick Venator, win
game. OP hero, no skill. Cool. Moving
on. Victor. Yeah, Victor's pretty good.
Definitely getting nerfed now with the
new earn, but still hella good.
I'd put Victor like right here.
I think Victor's good as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Victor might be a little bit worse than
Billy now, not sure. I think he's really
good though. Victor's going to still
hella strong. Vindicta. Vindicta's
pretty garbage. I'm going to keep it a
buck with you. I I think Vin is like
down here. Barely playable. Vin Vin is
just trash. I don't know. Vin is like
the most counterable power crept hero in
He's just a total victim. There's no
point. He is played by every rage hacker
in the entire game.
If you go queue up in low 100% of the
time there'll be a cheater. If you go
play in low ELO, 100% of the time
there'll be a cheater. And even though
every cheater in the game plays
Vindicta, it's still a low win rate
because the hero sucks balls. Brother, I
can queue Vindicta and E6 and put Bel to
ass one in every three games too, and
you'll be like, "Wow, this hero's OP."
The reality is not. I don't know what to
tell you. It's just not. You're a
victim. You're just a total victim. It's
hella unfun. Okay, so here's the
reality.
I'm not going to go on a rant. I've I'm
done giving my rants on Viscus. You can
think whatever you want. I abandoned the
Viscus community. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
The character The devs don't know how to
balance the character. They're brain
dead.
The cube is OP. There's a lot of OP
heroes that 1 V6 the lobby. So Viscus
can put a an Esha on them, and then he
can rescue beam them, and then they
reset and 1 V6 the lobby. So technically
technically Viscus is is an accessory to
murder and he's OP. But actually playing
Viscus as your own person and your own
human with your own feelings and
emotions is a very miserable gameplay
loop. But you're not allowed to say it's
weak and you're not allowed to say it's
bad because then the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
cabal will come after you. So you I'm
not going to argue on this. My life is
is important and I get made fun of
whenever I say Viscus is not fun.
I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Whatever. Go ahead,
it's OP, sure, don't care. Have your own
opinions.
Viper I think Viper's actually good.
Viper might be like top of all right
tier. Viper is like maybe even better.
Viper is like hella good, I swear.
I swear Viper's hella good.
Um I'd probably put Viper like up here
like honestly.
I think Viper's hella good.
Viper does so much damage and the bullet
is actually hella good util for like mid
boss and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that.
I think Viper's a hella good a hella
good select hero. Warden, I think Warden
is good, too.
I I think Warden is good and people are
just bad.
I think Warden feels great to play.
Warden just still has 7,000 HP. That's
the reality. Warden still just has it
Warden is just still the bar for like
lowest HP lowest skill hero in the game.
Warden cage is OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He has 7,000
HP.
And yeah, he just walks at you with no
skill and just one shots you. I don't
know what to say. He's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
stupid. Wraith, I think Wraith is all
I would say Wraith is probably right
here. I think Wraith is balanced. Wraith
is a slightly above average M1.
Wraith has
clear down times in the game and clear
up times in the game. She can carry
games or she can not carry games. She's
balanced as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and has her moments.
Wraith has counter play, other M1s do
not have counter play.
And Yamato, okay, so Yamato has gotten
through a lot of changes, so Yamato
um I guess I'll just put Yamato