How is everybody doing today? Hello. Are
you guys ready for a tier list? Okay,
chat. New patch, very hype, very happy.
New map, very cool. I want to give you
my initial reactions. Some of these
might be wrong, but I want to get
something out. I've played probably more
than most people. Just want to kind of
get something out for YouTube. Things
will change for sure and then it will
evolve, but I'll just give you my
initial reactions based off of like who
was strong before and how they are
affected by the new map and how I think
they'll play out and what I've seen. So,
we'll see.
&gt;&gt; If you're a deadlock player,
&gt;&gt; just let me ask you one question. When a
girl texts you.
&gt;&gt; Abrams. I feel like Abrams is okay. Do I
think he's slightly worse than the last
patch? Maybe. But do I think it's bad?
No. I feel like Abrams is probably like
top of B low key. I think Abrams is
really good. I just don't think he's OP
or anything. I think Abrams is one, like
I said, he's usually one of the most
balanced heroes in the game. I think
he's very solid. Apollo. Um, I lowkey
think Apollo is better than people
think. I I actually think Apollo is a
unironically. I think I think given how
much the comeback mechanics were nerfed,
he's a really strong early duelist and
considering comeback mechanics are
nerfed and early snowballing is like a
real thing now compared to before where
it just had no meaning. I think it's
really good and the way that his new
repost works with how much range you
have on it, it can be a really good
counter to a lot of the commonplace
heroes that we see. You know what I'm
saying? things like Lash, things like
like like all these a lot a lot of these
strong heroes. Uh he can kind of count
on Loki, you got Mina, all the there's a
lot of heroes that are strong that
Apollo can be really annoying against. I
think he's good. I've seen a lot of
Apollo do really good. Bbop, what do I
think about Bbop? I think Bbop is great.
Do I think Bbop is like S tier OP win
every game no matter how good you are at
the hero? No. Unironically, probably the
same strength as Abrams. Maybe a little
better. I think he has a lot of impact.
Really cool. doing really good, but I
don't know. Like, it does require skill.
You can't just spawn into Bbop and just
instantly like carry the game. Like,
maybe bottom A low key. Like, it's
somewhere in this area. Like, it it's
not OP, but it's definitely strong. The
number one thing about Bbop that I will
just say, I said it a lot yesterday. I
think it's time to get rid of the hook
reset. Like, let let's just get rid of
the hook reset. I'm over it. Like, let's
let's give him something else. Buff the
bomb. Do whatever you want. Hook reset
at max one. Let's get rid of it now.
Next patch, I'm I'm RSVPing. I'm RSVPing
my take. Let's get That's Let's get rid
of that. And I play Bbop. I just think
it's it's just not healthy for the game.
Give him anything else you want. But
hook reset a little. Nah, it's just
dumb. Billy I think Billy is strong. I
actually I actually rate Billy really
highly. I I would say Billy is the best
hero we've done so far. I think Billy is
stronger than Apollo and I think Billy
just benefits from the open space as
well as the jungler rework. I'm not
going to lie. Just the way Billy's kit
in general works, I just think it it
flows really well. I think he's strong
and it flows well. He just has a lot of
impact on average. Like Billy is never a
bad hero to have on your team in my
opinion. There's a lot of games where
like I wish I had a Billy. You never
look at Billy on your team comp and say,
well Loki, this is true for every front
liner. You never look at your comp and
say, dude, we have Abrams and Billy.
Like we have too many front liners.
We're going to lose this game. It's just
a great thing to have. Like when you
have a team comp and you're like
Infernace, Wraith, Hayes, Graves, Mina,
you're like, "Dude, we lost." But when
you have Billy, BBOP, Abrams, all these
front liners, you're like, you never
feel that way. Billy just has super good
front line, super good team fighting in
the open, and I think his jungle clear
is really good for this new map. I I
think I I predict it being good. Calico,
um, Abrams better mid. Well, that's
true. I don't think Abrams is bad at
all. I think the game is relatively
balanced right now. Like I said, we
haven't had a balance patch, so most
heroes are playable. Um, I don't know
how to feel about Calico. I do think
it's strong. I just don't know how
strong that is. Like, the character
doesn't the character doesn't have CC,
right? The character isn't that tanky.
What does she do? Well, very good
invades, very good economy, especially
on this map with all the boxes, really
good early game. That's very true. I
don't know. I don't know. Maybe like
this is one of This patch is different
than most my tier lists. I think I think
this one is going to be like super um
biased towards the A and B like like A
category. I almost feel like so many
heroes are A this patch like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Celeste. Okay, I think Celeste is very
strong in general. I think Celeste we
saw her on the old map. I think she's
even better on this map. I don't know
how to describe it into words, but
Celeste is just strong. She does very
well in the full open team fights and
she does really well on the closed team
fights, too. And I I think the map being
so open and vertical with having the uh
like I think I think some of the
enhanced items late game make her turbo
cancer. Like the enhanced refresher I
saw you can get it lines up with your
Celeste ball. You can always have double
ball with Celeste if you do if you do
refresher which is that's pretty strong
late game. Um yeah Celeste might be the
S tier gatekeeper. That being said she
does require skill a little bit. You
know what I'm saying? Not just a uh it's
load into the game an auto win
character. It's not a 60% win rate
character, but it's really good. I do
think especially like um people have
been talking about how the new map is
like really big or whatever, right? I
just think it's because people haven't
like minmaxed it properly. I think so
characters especially when the patch
comes out that have base good movement
will be really strong and so it says
crazy movement. It might be at bottom of
S tier. It might be A tier. I have not I
haven't decided yet. I I'll move it as
it goes on, but at least for right now
it's around this area. I I also think
people I've not seen anyone using the uh
bats that heal you. I have not seen
anyone using the bats that heal you in
the sky. There's 36 of them. Those are
really good. And Celeste has great
access to them. Maybe she'll be full S
tier when people started using that.
Dorman, I'm not sure how I think Dorman
will end up being really like the new
objectives with the three uh centers in
the tower and things like that. I think
benefit him. He's probably stronger this
patch than he was last patch, right? Um,
great CC, great damage, really good. Um,
it's probably up here, man. I'm not
going to lie. He's just good. He's just
good. He's very strong. Do I think he's
S tier? No. I think a A tier is going to
be really over bloated on this on this
tier list. Game just didn't really have
a balance patch. I mean, Dorman just has
to be strong. Like, it's the only
character in the game that lets your
team rotate smoothly into either of the
new three center objectives. Like, that
has to be valuable. That has to be super
valuable. Do I think Viper is strong?
Yeah, in high elo, Viper's always been
stronger than you think. I don't know
how Viper performs in low elo, but I'm
pretty sure in high elo, Viper's win
rate is really, really, really high.
Always has been. Drifter, I think
Drifter is great. One thing, if you guys
play Drifter, if you're listening in the
YouTube video and you haven't practiced,
you can drifter teleport, you can
[snorts] drifter teleport from the top
of the Chinatown tower onto camps all
around the map and get out for free
without going downstairs, which is a
huge power play and it's great for
invading. I would probably put Drifter
up here as well. I think he's great. I
think these are going to change as the
video goes on, but this is my initial
reads right now. Dynamo, I don't know
how to feel about Dynamo. I do think
he's really good, actually. I like the
terrain on Dynamo so far this patch. I
think Dynamo is great for what he is.
Obviously, the higher elo and the
competitive you get, he just gets
countered by Sinclair being S tier,
right? But I think he's great. Probably
like top of B. Like genuinely, I think
he's good. It's just one of those things
where like if you have Sinclair, like
you're just griefing by playing this
character. And in ranked, you can just
counter pick Sinclair. It's a huge
gamble to blind pick it. But if you can
get a Dynamo is good. I'm not going to
say Dynamo is bad. Dynamo does require
all their carries to build differently
and all these things, right? He is by no
mean Dynamo does not need a single buff
and Dynamo does not need a single nerf.
Is that fair, which is like like he's
just top of B, which like the most
balanced heroes in my opinion are like
bottom of A, top of B. Like those are
the characters that are like you don't
need buffs or nerfs, which Abrams is
probably there too. Kalo is there too.
like all these things. The characters on
like the top half of A and S are just
like overtuned to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, Graves, I'm
not seeing the value out of Graves. Not
seeing it. I'm probably going to go C.
Do I think it's D and it's unplayable?
No. Is Graves playable? Yes. Is Graves
worse this map on a lot of the terrain?
Yes. I I do not want to be a Graves in
the full open to all of these people in
these open areas. Like that's not not
something I want to be. Um, does that
mean Graves is unplayable? Dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No,
not really. Like it's bad, but like it
it has its moments for sure. Well, it
could be good. Playable, but not
preferable. True. Great talent. Um I
actually think he's really good. I I
actually think he's good. Unironically,
uh maybe polarizing. I'm not sure what
people think. I think he's a lot better
than people think. I've played I I've
been playing random and playing a lot of
heroes. This character felt really good
on this new map. It felt really good. I
got I'm going to put him way higher than
most people would probably I think most
people would probably put him like here
for now. But I'm I'm actually just going
to pre-fire I think he slept on his
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think the way he performs all
the new all the new the new terrain he
built the exact same build as before.
Nothing different. I think it's just map
terrain. His terrain makes almost
anywhere you can possibly team fight it
benefits him more than the previous map.
And then even in the close quarters
area, the curses help a lot against a
lot of the metah heroes, too. I I just
feel like his overall value is gigab
buffed compared to last patch. Everyone
is on less of high grounds, right? I
don't know how to describe this. So, in
a lot of the areas that you would team
fight on the Okay, this is going to get
like a little autistic. Give me a second
here. On the old map, right? A lot of
the places where you would team fight,
there would be like a roof here, right?
And then there'd be like a rope going up
to the roof like this. Correct? And then
there would be a team fight. And GT, if
GT was standing right here and he was
flying and he was shooting people like
over here, right? A brother would just
be on this roof, right? And then he has
high ground on you and you're the flyer
and then you just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] die. But on
the new map, it feels like a lot of the
areas that GT is fighting, GT is the
alpha, right? And then all the plebs are
fighting over here and there's less
roofs that are like above him. Like I
don't know how to describe it, man.
Maybe it like the map is just better. He
is it is less rooftop dependent and a
lot of the terrain he is the one who
knocks on the old map like any M1 carry
would just be on higher ground than his
fly by just existing. The vertical
terrain is so much better on the new
map. The flyers are actually flyers.
Haze. Dude. Dude, my categories are so
overloaded. I might have to start moving
people up. I think Haze is really
strong, too. How strong do I think Haze
is? Probably like Oh, man. I don't know.
I don't know where I rate Haze,
actually. Maybe like there. I don't
know, man. Oh god. I don't I don't think
Apollo is B, though. I think Apollo is
actually better than B. Haze is good,
but the pro Hayes has so many larers. I
swear to God. Hayes has so many larers
who are so bad at the game, but the
character is actually good. I really
like Hayes on this patch for invading.
I'm not going to lie. I really do like
it. I actually really enjoy Hayes. I
think she's super strong. Where do I put
her though, man? I don't know. I just
feel like with I just feel like she is
slightly buffed. I think Hayes was good
last patch. I'm not going to lie. I
think Hayes was good last patch, and I
think she's better now. I'm not gonna
say Hayes is like S tier. I really don't
think I'm going to say that. Haze has
bad matchups and Hayes does require a
lot of finesse and she's low HP and
actually can get punished. Is Hayes like
S? I don't I don't know if she's S. Like
there are characters that are like like
giga brain dead easy that are just as
strong. I might start moving people up
though lowkey. I think I might start
doing that. Holiday Holiday is balanced.
Is Holiday OP? No. Is Holiday bad? No.
That's all I'm going to say. Nothing
wrong about the character. Is she OP?
No. Playable but on the lower tier.
Dorman's probably S2. I'm not going to
lie. Infernace. Uh, I don't know what to
say. I'm a little bit biased. Like, if
you if you take into considerate Oh,
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Maybe I shouldn't take into
consideration the new juicer guy that
gives you the items cuz like in all my
games, there's legit two people with
divine barrier enhanced on an 8second
cool down. And that would completely
nullify Infernace. But that guy's
leaving. Or is he? So, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
know. I don't have a problem with
Infernace. I think he's solid. I don't
think he's OP or anything though. He's
definitely not bad. Like this guy does
not need buffs at all. He does not need
nerfs either. Ernest is one of the more
balanced heroes. I would say Ivy. Ivy is
good. Ivy is very good. Ivy is very
good. I probably Ivy top of B. Ivy is a
very solid hero. I I enjoy Ivy a lot.
Maybe bottom A. Maybe top B. Top B is
probably fair. I think Ivy will always
be strong and decent as long as her
exists on such a short cool down. I
think that that's my take. I think her
ult is such a short cooldown that she's
just it's kind of like Mirage, right?
You have just built-in map control
value. I think she just is good. If you
play Ivy and you play it with a lot of
the gun heroes that are strong right
now, I think there's a lot of value
there. Do I think Ivy is worse at
support than Rem or Paige right now?
Yes. Does that mean she's unplayable?
No. Kelvin? Yeah, I'm not sold on
Kelvin. I don't think he's unplayable,
but there's so many better heroes right
now. I'm not sold on him at all. Why
lowb might be top of CA? Honestly, I is
she that bad? No. Um, nah. I I think
carry Kelvin is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, it's a thing
and you'll do good in one game, but it's
not optimal, man. I think Kelvin's fine.
The problem is like tier also depends on
how good your character is compared to
other people that do your job better.
And at the moment, I would way rather
have a Rem or a page than a Kelvin.
Kelvin once again is never useless,
though. Guist. Gist does struggle in the
full open environments. I will admit to
that. But I do think Gist is good at
eating up the new jungle. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with
that heavy. Ah, no. Gist is not bad.
That's Kappa Ross. I'm going to put Gist
low A. I think G is never bad. I think
it's unfair to say Gist is bad like
ever. Unfair. Gist is just not bad
objectively like at all. I honestly feel
like a lot of the meta is defined by
community too. I I do think I swear to
God G is good. I don't think she can be
bad. Even if we don't see her being like
fully abused, I still think it's good. I
think L is super good. I think Lash has
always been good as well. People have
been saying that Lash has bugged in a
lot of the textures and Lash has been
having problems, but Lash is super good.
Let's be real. For most ELOs, Lash is S
tier. Insanely good utility, insanely
good dueling, always. It's always good.
The new map is so built for Lash. Yeah,
that's because Death is a play tester
and Death is a Lash one trick. Who has
to play Lash? It is what it is. Deathy
just is making the game lash. It's been
two years, man. Look, call me crazy now.
You'll understand it in the future.
You'll understand it in the future. In a
couple years, you'll you'll understand.
He'll get exposed and you'll you'll
apologize to me. Um, okay. New Chinatown
Tower is actually Lash's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
stomping ground. Also, once again, same
thing as Celeste, right? The new bats
are really strong. It heals you 10%. It
heals you 10% of your max HP and Lash is
like the number one character in the
entire game to get those. I think that's
actually valuable and people don't talk
about that. McInness, I think McInness
is lowkey junk. Not like useless, but
I'd rather not have that on my team.
McInness's wall can just be simply
walked around on the new map. The new
map is less chokes. On the old map, if
you caught somebody running towards
their walker or in a side lane, they
were instantaneously walled and cut off
fully. New map, I feel like it's less
valuable, which is fine. It's good. Do I
think it's useless? No. I think there's
not a single character in this game that
is useless. I think people are just bad
or complaining or you if you compare a
hero to another hero, yeah, I agree.
Like you can Yeah, I I get that. But you
we can't pretend Mig is useless. Like
it's not useless, man. Not useless.
Mina. Uh I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with Mina heavily. Not
in that kind of way. Um I think Mina's
really good. Actually, I think Mina's
better than Ace. I I think she's very
good. Mina's probably the strongest
she's been. That's not like metadefining
game-breaking OP. She's actually just
strong but balanced probably. Hopefully
I don't regret saying that. But yeah,
once again, so many jungle. Just press
one on any jungle camp equals 1,000 HP
heal. Really, really valuable. So much
jungle. Also, the super open team
fights. Her ult can be strong again.
Very strong. Yeah, exactly. Same effect
as Talon, I would say. Same like map
buff as Talon. I would I think so. Yeah,
her rake heals like three times more
than it should from the jungle. I don't
really understand that dev decision, but
hey, here we are. You literally get
1,000. Like, yeah, you can kite the new
camps to get all of them to get raked on
purpose. Like, it's not like the old
jungle where you couldn't rake
everything every time. On the new map,
you can kite 12 jungle camps into onto
you and rake everything for 1,500 heal.
Mirage is one of those heroes that is
just always OP, but it's like boring and
nobody likes playing against it. And it
is what it is. Like, Mirage is just
something else, man. It's just boring as
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mirage is just in high elo
especially, which is where I play.
Sorry. Mirage is just OP always. Mirage
is always like I don't know how to
describe it, man. He's not like run
around the lobby in 1v12, but in the
very highest elos, this character is
such it's just he falls off a cliff past
30 minutes. You are brain dead. Oh man,
I hate when my debuff character debuffs
the enemy team to where instead of
having a 3,000 DPS, they do now do 1,400
damage. Like, what are you even talking
about? Oh man, I shoot three bullets and
their entire team does 50% less damage.
Wow. Yeah, I really fell off. See, this
is what I'm saying. You are such a
muppet. You are such a muppet. You Oh,
man. The debuff character that is good
at teping across the map and shutting
down side lane splits uh that also can
load into the game and have damage
reduction and like like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, man.
No, Mirage is good and he's broken the
game goes. I will refuse to believe
otherwise. Mirage always good. Always
good. Moen Krell best hero on the game.
genuinely the best hero in the game. Not
fair at all. Actually needs hot fix
nerfs. Super broken. Um, a vegetable
could hit E6 on Mo, which we've seen
happen. Um, yeah, it is what it is. One
of the lowest skill heroes in the game,
which is the strongest. And it's
tankiest and does damage and has CC.
That's just not healthy for the game. I
think in my opinion, I don't think the
best characters in the game should be
the fattest and just least counterable.
I don't know. Character's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
broken. He does it all. Mode just does
it all. Just does it all. I don't know
what to tell you. I I could go on a rant
for an hour about how Mo's OP, but I
don't think I will. I think everybody
understands how OP Mo is. I don't think
there's a single ELO that Mo isn't OP.
Like Like do I even have to like
explain? Like we all understand, right?
Moving on. Paige. I think Paige is good.
Probably bottom of A or something. Maybe
like maybe like here. I value Paige
heavily. I think Paige is strong. Paige
is a Paige for a long time was like down
here, but I think she's promoted. I like
having a Paige in my team. I think it's
strong. If you're counting like 8second
DB, the character gets a lot higher. But
if you're counting that that's not going
to be in the game, then it's a bit
lower. But I think Paige is good. I
enjoy Paige for the new three safe
objectives. I I enjoy Paige for a lot of
things. I think she's good. And that's
fine. Paige is a good hero design. I
don't mind Paige at all. Paradox. Ooh, I
genuinely think Paradox is lowkey buffed
from the new map. I like his uh her or
whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] capability to swap
people out of open areas like a lot of
the um mid lane area. Paradox is super
good at just going down mid lane and
getting the guy swapped from under the
walker and there's not really much
counterplay. I think it's a great pick
hero. Very valuable. Carbine build is
still strong. Probably a tier. Not
desperately OP needing to be nerfed, but
it's a really good pick. The patch is
genuinely pretty thought out and
balanced at the moment. Obviously,
there's heroes that are really OP, but
the like 60% of the cast is on the
around the same power scale, which is
like, you know what I'm saying? Like,
expect A to be super bloated this patch
more than normal. I think A is like the
is super common. Um, Pocket. Pocket is
great. It's high mobility hero. It's a
high mobility hero with a lot of jungle,
and this is a map that really benefits
that. Pocket very good. I'd probably
rate Pocket like very highly, low key.
Um, probably like top of A. I don't know
if pockets's s I'm not sure but maybe
top of a bottom S very strong one thing
that always gets me about pocket which
I'm not sure how like I don't know
pocket is never not high A to S true
it's just because it's just because of
that one okay if you look at the data
pocket is the one hero in the game that
has a drastically higher win rate the
higher game the more games you have on
the hero his win rate goes from like 45
to 55 if you have 300 games on the hero
or something if everybody in the game
knew how to play pocket the proper way
he would be nerfed months ago. But the
reality is most people play it really
bad. I don't really know how to solve
that. That's not my job. So that's fine.
Rem. Rem is actually crazy take. I think
Rem is ass. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with Rem heavily. I
think Rem on the new map is super good.
Also, the map being so open lets Rem
chain her heal on everything super
easily. Like no effort. one like it's
just so strong to in like the new
sinners are so much of a gold swing and
I think Rem does that really well. Seven
uh seven's low-key kind of junk. I don't
value seven highly at all. I think a lot
of the strong heroes counter seven a
lot. I really would not want to play
Yeah, I mean seven Yeah, I mean you
would think seven would be good on this
patch, but I don't agree. I think he's
kind of dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Super counterable. I
mean, just look at the heroes that are
in ANS and tell me like how seven
interacts with them. I think that's kind
of the problem. I don't think it has
anything to do with like a lot of heroes
strength like has to depend on what
other characters are strong. Seven just
doesn't like function into these heroes
at the top of this list. He just doesn't
do anything like he just doesn't. I have
to tell you honestly like like bad
honestly bad. I'm not even trolling. M1
heroes are never going to be the worst
hero in the game though. That's just a
fact. and one heroes will never be the
worst heroes because any good player can
just play a carry no matter how bad the
carry is and have a pretty decent win
rate and do good. The same cannot be
said with like Graves and Minus and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
like you can't full solo carry game and
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's just not happening. Um yeah,
maybe here maybe that's fair. Shiv, Shiv
is very good. Always has been. Not much
to I'm not going to go on a crazy rant
this tier list about Shiv and Silver.
I'm over it. But yeah, Shiv and Silver
are both really good. Same thing. both
tanks with good early games, good late
games, good mid games. Like, uh, Tanky
does damage. Enough said. I'm going to
put both these heroes up here. I think
they're both really good. I think
they're both very good. That's just
where they are. The bruisers in this
game are just very strong on average. If
you're good at these three heroes, they
can all be like super impactful, like
super strong. On average though, with
how bad people are positioning, they're
probably around here. But I do think
Silver, when pro players play Silver,
it's just so lame. This character is
legally like can be the best her in the
game, but it is. The reality is not
everybody's pro and that's fine.
Sinclair
Yoshi,
I love CF3. When when I play Sinclair, I
think in a in a CF3 voice. My internal
monologue is CF3. It completely depends
on the enemy comp. Yes. But in ranked,
if you have Sinclair unlocked and you
can counter pick, he is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken.
Genuinely one of the most broken heroes
in the game. I play it a lot too. I'm
not even biased. I think it's good.
&gt;&gt; Yoshi, it's me. I'm C of three and I'm
playing Sinclair. This is my hero.
Yoshi. Yoshi, please do not nerf my
hero. I'm just really good at it and you
just wouldn't understand. So, for that
reason, I'm going to put Sinclair in
bottom of S, but he's secretly at the
very Tell Yoshi, please. My name hero,
please. Thank you, CF3. I appreciate it.
Appreciate it. Thanks for coming in. All
right, so now for Ventor, I'm going to
uh ask Let's see. Uh thank you for
letting me come on the show, Vegas. I'm
here to talk about the uh M1 heroes on
the new patch. Uh just so we can get a
better perspective of the different
heroes and the different roles for the
tier list. Uh M1 is weak. It always has
been. Uh Yoshi just benefits these uh
spirit nuggers. But hey, it is what it
is. I mean, honestly, I don't even know
why they made a major patch. I I would
have preferred uh a lot more minors than
one big major. H S tier. Character is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. I don't make the rules.
Ventor is just unbelievably broken on
this map. And I will not be convinced
otherwise. It is what it is. Character
farms really well. Character fights
really well in the close areas.
Character fights really well in the in
the open areas. Every camp is in a
cluster. He can kite the camps and
cleave them with his two. He can he is
max two procs on the camps as well.
Lightbringer was saying the other day. I
don't know. This character feels like
one of the least counterable heroes in
the game. It's a late game scaling hero
that if it gets ahead will 1v6 your team
who doesn't even have a it's like
Wraith, but imagine Wraith had like a
really good early game. He's one of the
hardest heroes in the entire game to
invade. But if he gets ahead and you let
him farm, he can 1v6. So it's like this
weird thing where if you don't have the
right tools to invade somebody, it's
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. Oh, no mobility. Well,
good thing you have teammates. If you
have Peel and you're good at Ventor, the
character is S tier. It just is what it
is. If you solo Q and Oracle and your
teammates are brain dead, yeah, he's not
S tier. I understand. I fully understand
and I I have compassion for you, bro. I
understand. But I do think the character
is really good if you have teammates
with hands. Also, the the no mobility
thing is a little bit lar because if
like, let's just be real, not a lot of
characters, especially from behind at
all, have the the damage to even kill
this hero sometimes. We saw it in fight
night the other day. This guy was legit
20 and zero. He hits his spike like 10
minutes faster than the other M1
carries. If you get ahead on Venador,
you end up being like if you get ahead
on Venador, if you get any sort of bags
or kills in the first 15 minutes, the
game is just so over. It is like the
number one uh if I'm ahead, you lose
character is what it is. You've got I
mean it's it's an M1 carry with 4,800 HP
with 50/50 res at like 30 minutes. Like
it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. I I understand
people are going to say, "Oh, but his
win rate was bad." I I don't care. I'm
sorry. Uh I just think you're bad.
Character is good and I'm not going to
pretend it's not. Victor, I think he's
kind of a chud. He can be strong and I'm
sure with a new jungle and really low
elo, he's probably really good, but
could you just do what Victor does
better on other carries this patch like
Venador and be better the whole game and
skill and not fall off cuz you're a gun
hero? Yes. Do I think he's unplayable
garbage? No. Do I think he's strong? No.
I'm going to go here. Vindicta. Vin is
always a super weird one to rate. Always
super weird. Vin is good if you play Vin
a lot and under like but like it's the
same argument where you could just be
doing the same job better on a different
hero. I think GT is better than Vin. Vin
does get buffed a lot by this map.
You're not wrong at all. Do I think GT
is better than Vin on this map? Yes. Um,
do I think a lot of the counters,
another thing to to think about is a lot
of the characters that can deal with Vin
are really good on this map, too. To be
honest with you, it's a lot of RNG.
There's a lot of heroes this patch that
are strong that deal with Vin. I think
GT is strong and nobody plays. I think
Lass is strong. I think Venador Max
being ahead every game that can just
one-shot you in a team fight across the
map. Do I think that Mo and Curl Phantom
Strike is in every game? Do I know that
Rem has excess gold and has knockdown?
Do I You know what I'm saying? There's a
lot of like ways to deal with this hero
that are really easy. Uh, is Yamato in
every single game that's really strong,
too? Yes. Is BBOP in half my games, too?
Yes. Like, is Apollo with Repost in a
quarter of my games, too? Yes. Like,
it's just one of those things where
under the right circumstances, she can
be super good. But the reality is, do
not gamble. You will lose. Do not play
Vin. You will lose. It's good. Solo Q
junk. Duo Q can be really manageable.
I'm not going to say she's bad by any
means. I'd probably put Vin Topa B or
something. I think it's really good.
It's just she has counterplay. Some
heroes in this game do not have
counterplay. Vin has counterplay. It is
what it is. Obviously, she can be super
strong in 1v9 lobbies. I'm not saying
that's not true, but not bad at all.
She's very good. Uh Viscus, I don't know
what to say about Viscus. I think Viscus
is good. Viscus is always pretty good.
Um I've been enjoying it recently. I
think he feels solid. I'm going to say
Viscus is probably around here or
something like that. I don't know
actually. I don't know. Maybe like that.
How can he be solid? He's goo. Good one.
I'd rather play Rem Page 100%.
Um, but I think he's good. It It's also
one of the things like Pocket, right?
It's hard for me to judge how good
Viscus is because I mean I mean I'm I'm
going to be stroking myself off here,
but I'm really good at the hero. So, I
always will find a way to do good at any
on Viscus, but I'm not sure. I don't
know. Like when I play against vis
viscuses, not all of them do. When like
viscuses that like one trick viscus
always will be a tier of the hero, but
they're like I don't know. I really
don't know what to say. Some people get
zero value out of this hero. I don't
really know like I don't know. I think
my placement is fair. Viper. Viper is
good. Viper is good. Would Viper
struggle into a lot of the heroes that
are also struggling this patch? That's
true. Do I think Viper is a better carry
than Wraith, Infernace, and Seven? Yeah,
I do. I think Viper is a tier for sure.
I'd rather I don't know. I'd probably
put Viper like up here. I'm not going to
lie. I think Viper is very good. Maybe
I'll move GT down at this point until
like there. That's probably fair. I
think he's good, but I don't know about
OP. I'd probably GT here. I think that's
fair actually. Why is seven I mean seven
is just weaker than like seven
characters that do the same thing he
does. I don't see like also early game
matters a little bit more than before.
So I'd rather carry like Venador on my
team who's strong in lane compared to
seven. like when early game didn't
matter and there was a lot of comeback
mechanics. Seven was always a high win
rate cuz you could just like do nothing,
lose lane, lose three lanes, AFK farm on
seven, win the game. But the reality is
you can just play Venador and win your
lane and get ahead and and close the
game. So why would you do that? Another
mild thing in my opinion is I don't know
if you guys been looking at your stats,
but when you play carry characters or
characters like Mo or Venador, right?
Another mild thing that nobody's talking
about yet that I think will eventually
become talked about is you can now get
armor and magic resist from the stats.
So on characters like Ventor where
you're farming 12 safes a game, you're
going to have an even cuz you're going
to have an additional like 3% of each
armor additional which I know it might
not sound like a lot but on characters
like Mo and Venador who have 5,000 HP
late game it makes a solid difference to
be honest with you. Some games I've had
up to six% spirit armor for free from
the from the things. So like it makes a
little bit of difference low key. It is
nice. I don't rate Warden that highly
just because there's heroes like I said
that do the same thing he does but a lot
better. Is Warden better than like
seven? Yeah, for sure. I don't People
have not been rating Warden very highly,
have they? Maybe like right there. Is
that fair? Oh, what is Metro's opinion
on Warden and Wraith? Uh yeah. So, uh
these characters are bad and they've
always been bad. They've never been good
no matter what. Um so it is what it is.
I mean I mean Yo Yoshi is an idiot and
uh he cannot be trusted. Warden and
Wraith need minor buffs. I like enough
with this major patch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Just give me
minors. Wraith I think Wraith is like
better than Infernace. I think Wraith is
good. Wraith is good. Wraith is good.
Wraith is good. No, Wraith is good. No,
Wraith is good. I'm not I'm I'm not
listening to any LAR in my head.
Warden's bad. Wraith is good. That's my
take. Wraith is solid. Warden does feel
a little weak, but Wraith is good. All
right. Yo. Okay, so Yamato. Here's my
take on Yamato. So, it's going to be a
little bit controversial.
Yumato is good. There's not a lot of
heroes in this game that I'm like super
confident need to be reworked or will be
reworked, but like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this hero, man.
BBop Hook Recast and Yamato 2 really
need to go. Let's really get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
out of the game next major patch. And
speaking to devs in 9 months when you
patch the game the next time, please
nerf this Yamato. Multiple charges on
grapple is one of the worst decisions
ever. It's just awful. Garbage slop blah
buzz word. Yeah, your motto's broken. I
don't make the rules. Look, I'm going to
get cancelled with this tier list. It is
what it is. I'm going to get cancelled.
The deadlock balance secret play tester
cabal is going to balance me. There's an
agenda and I go against it and I'm going
to get cancelled. It is what it is. Pull
up Metro's tier list. I'm good, bro.
Anyway, GG's. Hope you guys are enjoying
the patch. I enjoyed a lot. Peace out.
[music]