Hello. Okay, you guys want to do tier
list?
&gt;&gt; Hey, what's going on YouTube? Thank you
guys for coming to my channel. I'm Joe
from Family [music] Guy. Wait a minute,
my tears suck. Um, my XP bar is low.
&gt;&gt; I'm about to level up [music] and you
look like just enough XP.
&gt;&gt; Okay, Abrams. Abrams is definitely
weaker than he was. A lot of people have
started stacking crazy anti-heal. Like
Venador, I think, is like really broken
and he has built-in anti-heal. You've
got characters like Viscus that are
really strong that will always slot a
decay. Same with Rem. Drifter is strong.
He has built an anti-heal. Abrams is
kind of getting melted right now. I
would say he's like slightly weaker than
the average tanks, but he's still like
he's still good. He shouldn't get buffed
to be honest. I've kind of always said
this though. He's like a good baseline
of like a balanced tank. I think he's
like one of the more better balanced and
well-designed tanks in the game. If more
tanks were on Abram's like strength
level, I think that'd be good. It just
seems like the other tanks in the game
are kind of just like DLC Abrams that
are just kind of like more annoying. I
guess you could say harder to deal with.
Apollo, honestly, Apollo is pretty
balanced. He does take a little bit of
finesse to be good at. I don't He's not
in buff territory. He's probably like
towards the mid to bottom of B. I mean,
he he's a good character. He is buffed.
He's just like I don't know, man. I I
think a good Apollo, they make the hero
look really good, but it's just not a
hero that's so OP that you're just
picking it every game and dominating
without any effort. I I think he's be if
Apollo got buffed, you'd be very
problematic. Bbop. Honestly, Bbop's
pretty balanced. It's I'm glad that we
live in a society that you can say that.
Thankfully, he's not buffed. I would say
Bop's pretty solid. I don't think he's
OP or anything. I think he's pretty
balanced. Billy, this character is just
broken. This character's ass still. This
character is just really broken. This
character does way too much for a tank.
Also, they like quote unquote nerfed
Scrooge, but this character is like one
of the biggest Scrooge abusers in the
game. This character late game with
Scrooge is actually Thanos. Yeah, it was
about like a four to 5% nerf on Scrooge,
but uh I mean Scrooge does max health in
an AoE and makes and gives you HP debuff
resist and 40% spirit armor and his two
does max health damage that scales with
spirit. So like Billy just kind of
doesn't die one point in his gives him
40% armor. Billy is kind of like DLC
Abrams in a way. He's good crowd control
for the movement heroes while also being
a DPS hero while also being front line.
Uh, he kind of just does everything.
He's front line with utility and damage.
So, kind of just like a DLC tank. He's
just broken. He kind of shits out damage
while having so much CC. Oh, yeah. And
he's a movement hero. True. Calico. I'm
not sold on Calico. I know people really
like Calico. I'm not like super sold. I
think she's probably bottom of A. I
don't think she's broken or anything
though. Like, I don't think you need to
immediately rush to nerf the hero or
anything like that. I think she's like
above average, but that's that's
whatever. I think she's pretty balanced.
I'd put her bottom of a probably.
Celeste. Okay, here's the thing. Celeste
is not bad. It's It's just like the
Celeste buffs are actually impactful.
Celeste Celeste ult does do a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton
of damage and it is very useful in mid
boss and things like that. The thing
about Celeste is you can't really buff
this hero. The devs kind of lock
themselves in a lot of really shitty
situations where they make some of these
heroes have really broken base kits and
they refuse to change them. And if a
hero gets buffed at all, the game is not
fun to play. You know what I'm saying?
Like imagine say Yamato and Celeste got
huge buffs. The game would be so unfun.
There's no counterplay. Like when
Celeste was OP, the game was not fun.
The character can just infinitely move
away from you and you can never do
anything about it. And it's like, well,
if you buff her at all, it's not very
fun unless you nerf the movement. But
they don't want to do that. Like a lot
of these newer characters have such
overloaded kits that they're like kind
of locked where they they can't get
buffed. Same thing with like Mina. Like
when Mina was S tier, dude, the game was
actually unplayable. Like I don't know.
Silver was SS plus and Mina was SSS plus
where she minus two stamina you on love
bites. Jesus, man. So that being said,
Celeste is balanced. I'd say Dorman.
This character is still absurdly broken.
The character still does gamebreaking
things. There's not much that will
honestly change that because they want
him to be like reliant on his own. So,
he's not only good in high elo with
coordination, right? He has a crazy
amount of damage because they want him
to feel like his own hero and not just
rely on coordination, but when you
combine coordination with how much
damage he has built in, he just breaks
the game. A high elo, it's really just
unplay. I I don't know. Dorman is just
dying. The doorman is one of the worst
feelings in the entire game and I don't
know if we need to do something about
that or if it's fine or whatever. This
character definitely needs some tweaks
still. I'm not sure what that is. Not
going to claim to be an expert on Dork.
Leave that to Joe Chuck. Drifter. I
think Drifter is really good. I think
Drifter is one of the one of the better
solo Q heroes. Like Drifter for solo Q,
you don't have to worry about anything
else for the most part. It's one of the
heroes that you can just queue up and
regardless of who you play against, you
can have a solid game, which is why I
like playing it a lot. cuz a lot of
other heroes in this game feel um
honestly I would say about like a third
of the heroes in this game are
underpicked and underplayed because
there's no draft. Like you don't want to
solo queue Vindicta and then get a
15-minute queue and then pop and you're
against Gray Talon, Yamato, and Lash.
It's so unfun. You want to pick heroes
that are blind pickable. You can pick
them into any heroes and you're not
going to be miserable. So, Drifter is
like he does he he he's solid. I would
say above average for sure. He was S
last patch. I would say A now. Dynamo. I
think Dynamo is good. People have
finally been actually committing to
playing Dynamo, which is fun. People
were uh not playing it for a long time.
Now starting to see it more. I would put
Dynamo here. I think Dynamo is playable.
He's good. I I think Dynamo is a great
like the low elo Chuds are going to make
fun of me here. I think Dynamo is a
great hero. I think he's has really cool
interactions that aren't uh like I don't
know. It feels like there's counterplay.
It feels like he has a balanced ultim.
The only thing that makes Dynamo feel
lame is when it's refresher, but Dynamo
has some cool interactions that are kind
of fun to play around. Like quantum
entangling your teammates through like
roofs or whatever through a building to
save them is really fun. When it
happens, it you clearly understand why
it happens and you're like, "Oh, that
was a smart play." Um, the one knockup
is a little annoying, but I mean like
there's clear counterplay to most of his
spells. His ult, you know, you should be
able to tell it's on such a long cool
down. you know the black hole is coming,
you should know preemptively in every
fight where to position. Like I don't
know. I think it's a balanced character.
I think Dynamo, if you compare, People
used to complain about Dynamo, but if
you compare how quote unquote oppressive
Dynamo is in comparison to almost every
DLC hero, it's I I would rather play
against Dynamo every game. I'd rather
play against Dynamo than Doorman every
game. Might need to add a new category
here. This is going to be um Yeah, I
don't really want to talk much on
Graves. I don't really say much. If I
speak, I have big trouble. Deadlock is
just a game that nowadays is all about
stat checking everyone. Everything is a
stat check from start to finish. And her
base stats suck balls. And when your
base stats suck balls, you're going to
be permanently behind at every point in
the MOA. In game modes like Street
Brawl, where everyone's on an even
playing field, uh, she thrives. She's
fun to play in Street Brawl. She's great
in a MOA where there's other factors
involved like elevation and farming and
laning and all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] She falls
behind severely. Also, like she's
designed as like a split pusher, right?
That's what low elo players think that
McInness and Graves are like split
pushers, but her base stats are so bad
that you just get mogged by every other
split pusher/sidelaner in the game, and
it's not even close. Go fight a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Mirage on Graves. Even if you were up
10k, you would lose every time. Like in
low elo when when nobody's playing
correctly and nobody knows how to aim,
Grave does do well. But the reality is
Graves in high elo feels completely
useless until maybe 25 minutes. Maybe
you guys know this, the first 25 minutes
are really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important in high
elo. When you play against good people
in high elo on Graves, they just dive
you off cool down early lane and it
doesn't really matter what you do.
Playing with a Graves on your team is
like being shackled to a corpse. And I
love Graves. I'm not hating on Graves,
but people in a turn of six that want to
play for leaderboard ban Graves so they
don't get a Graves on their team. That's
how bad this hero is. I want you guys to
let that sink in. Her late game is
really strong to be honest with you.
After 35 minutes, Graves feels pretty
strong. The problem is her early game is
so bad that she she just falls behind.
So like if they took power away from her
late game and moved it towards her early
game, she would be probably more
balanced. But at the end of the day, it
is going to be hard to balance a hero
that has a lot of movement and aiming is
a big part of it. And low elo players
can't aim for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like these people
are no no flame. Like you know, all all
players are equal, but they can't aim
for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And Graves just eliminates
that. And for them, it means a lot.
Graves is generally the worst hero in
the game, and she still has like a super
high win rate, and low elo. That's what
tells you what you need to know. The
game isn't played the same. The game is
basically a different game entirely
across different ranks. The rules that
you follow and that I follow are not
even this close to the same. They're not
the same game. Grey Talon, I don't know
how people feel about Grey Talon
anymore. I think he's good. I'd probably
say low A, top B, maybe. I think he's
still good, but you know, Talon's a hero
that actually feels nerfs. The heroes
like Talon and Vindicta snowballing and
getting stacks early relies on your
strength entirely. Um, they're one of
the few heroes in the game uh that
actually really feel nerfs. Talon's
gotten a couple of nerfs now and they
actually feel remarkable. You miss out
on a couple of kills that you normally
would have gotten for free. Therefore,
you're weaker. Therefore, you're not
even relevant in the late game. Haze,
uh, this character is like super strong,
honestly. I would say I think Haze is
broken. Honestly, unfortunately, Echo
Shard exists back in the day. Ankoji
Hayes was really fun to play like a
shooter gun aim for the head hero that
would benefit aiming a lot and it was
one of the most popular heroes if not
the highest pick rate in the game for a
long time. Um nowadays Hayes is like
which is by the way this is a a common
occurrence across the board for heroes.
So for some reason the devs instead of
having Hayes be a fun gun hero they for
a while then it was press four kill the
entire team. Then they got rid of that.
Then they made it by curse and one shot
one guy with no counterplay. Then they
got rid of that. Now they made it echo
shard sleep twice and there's no
counterplay. Like can we just stop doing
this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Can we make builds strong
that have counterplay and not just CC
slop on every hero? Like the game is the
game has really amazing movement and has
it feels really smooth on this engine.
But unfortunately, every hero needs to
have CC it feels like and everything
just becomes CC slop instead of like the
game used to have more free flowing like
skill expression, but now everything is
stuns. I wish the game was a little bit
more buff yourself instead of debuffing
the enemy. Like buying debuff items is
way more meta than buying damage items
because every hero gets so many good
base stats nowadays that you can just
buy debuff items and you're not even
weaker. Like I feel like in older
Deadlock iterations, if you if you took
the money out of your build to buy slow
hex and you took the money out of your
build to buy slowing bullets, you were
losing damage. Well, nowadays like
you're not. Everybody has better base
stats and slowing bullets gives you
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 40% damage if you by weighted
shots. So you're not like nowadays the
best items are damage items or are
debuff like like you get good damage
from debuff items. So over time when all
these little items and heroes get buffed
or parts of their kit, the game has
slowly became more like debuff heavy and
CC heavy. And so it's kind of just like
it's hard to notice, but it used to be a
little bit more free flowing. And Haze
is one of those big examples of uh
uninteractability.
Just like her best builds are builds
that you can't counterplay. Maybe that's
her role as an assassin. Sure, whatever.
But the double echo shard build is
definitely uh not healthy for the game.
Holiday. Um, people have been not liking
Holiday that play Holiday, but I think
it's just classic Holiday downplay
ability. People always downplay Holiday.
Um, she doesn't have to do a bajillion
damage with her kit. She has like the
best movement in the entire game. And
she's a pick hero and she and a lot of
the items that are good for being a pick
hero are very strong. Like Veil Walker
Holiday is still a very strong build.
Um, genuinely they need to do something
with Holiday regarding charges. is I
don't think it's fair or necessary. It
feels like Holiday is a hero that feels
like you're playing an Earth game mode
like in League of Legends. You just have
a million barrels. You have recharging
rush. You You put a jump pad down. A you
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your movement. You got
stunned. Hit the ground. Put another
bounce pad down. Then you put another
bounce pad down. Then you hit him with a
crack shot. You get another bounce pad
and another barrel. It's like, dude,
like maybe we shouldn't buy rapid
recharge and get nine spells. Like the
bounce pad probably just shouldn't have
charges to be honest with you. It's not
the barrels, it's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bounce
pads. It gets away with really stupid
positioning. Like, you know what's
hilarious? Here's something to think
about. When you fight heroes in this
game, you guys call out what abilities
they used and you call it to your
teammates so they know how to fight the
hero. Holiday has so many bounce pads.
I've never even heard somebody calm
Holiday. No bounce pad. There's just
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] infinite. There's always an
assumption she has infinite. You can't
even count them. That's kind of a
problem. Like low key thinking about
that now. When you fight Vin, it's like
Vin no fly. You can abuse her. But
Holiday has infinite bounce pads, which
is the problem. And recharging rush uh
should not give her a charge of two
separate spells with one. By the way,
she has so many bounce pads, you don't
even need recharging rush. I don't even
buy it. But if you want to be annoying,
you actually can. And you have even
more. You don't even need it, which is
the funny part. Um I I I I would put
Holiday up here. I think she's really
good. She does take finesse and she
doesn't 1v6, but she's not bad at all.
People downplay her. She's good still.
Totally fine. She's like Abram's level
strength to me. It's whatever. I think
there are some I wouldn't even mind her
getting a little bit of damage back
somewhere and removing like when I when
I complain about a Okay, here's
something to clarify. When I complain
about a spell a hero has, I'm not saying
the hero is OP. I'm saying strength
should be taken away from that spell and
brought somewhere else. you get what I'm
saying a spell is annoying or OP or
whatever. Just that spell needs to be
brought down and the other spells need
to be brought up. That's it. I'm not
saying she's like S plus tier because of
the bounce pad, but it is stupid. Yeah,
retarding Rush should be an imbu. Yes, I
I when I literally message that to Yoshi
verbatim one to one. Um I mean that's
just an obvious thing. It's an obvious
oversight that Holiday would get double
value. Infernace, I don't know, man. I
don't think he's bad at all. I don't
think he's OP either. Infernace is a
kind of like a staple of the game. He is
annoying. That's true. I think he's
balanced. I would put Infernace here. I
don't Infernace does not need to be
buffed. Infernace does not need to be
nerfed. Infernace, you guys say he has
no HP. He's like a mosquito. That is
what he's supposed to be. That is what
the heroes that do these damage uh these
amounts of damage should be. The problem
with this game is there's other heroes
in the game that have disproportionately
strong stats that you guys think in your
head that the uh balanced heroes are
weak. So then you're like, "Buff
Infernace's HP." No, you're no, you're
you got it twisted. The people at the
top of the strength pools need their HP
lowered to be more like Infernace and
Wraith. The fact Venador walks around
with zero weak points in his kit or game
time and just has 10,000 HP is stupid.
Infernus is balanced. Venador is not.
You heard me. There's just some heroes
in this game that like when you Okay,
there's some heroes in this game that
when you load into lane, you're like,
"Man, this is annoying." And then you
fight him at 8 minutes and you're like,
"Man, this guy's annoying." And you
fight him at 12 minutes, like this guy's
annoying. You fight him at 20, they're
still strong. And then you're like, "We
can't let that guy scale anymore because
he's broken late game." Well, when the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is he not strong? Like some heroes
have no counterplay. Bener's base stats
are so broken that you just load into
the lane and you can just buy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
monster rounds, weakening headshot, and
fortitude and you're Thanos. You're
Thanos. You buy nothing. You buy
nothing. You have nothing. You have no
items. You You do a million damage, a
million HP. Like what? You nothing.
Stupid game is all base stat checking
nowadays. kind of sucks low key. Like
the game needs to have less of an
influence on base stats and boons and
more of an influence on items. In older
iterations of Deadlock, you would you
would look at somebody's build and you
would know what their strengths and
weaknesses were. Oh, he specked into
suppressor. He's going to do less
damage. Oh, he specked into spirit
armor. He's susceptible to bullet armor.
That's not the case anymore. You just
have so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy uh base stats
all around the board that none of that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even matters. There's no point of
even scouting builds. People are just
Thanos. They didn't counter build you.
It's all about It's all about just like
flavor of the month hero balance. Has
nothing to do with builds or variety or
anything. It's just like which hero has
the most broken uh base stats this
patch. Okay, I'm playing that one. And
you don't even have to think about what
you're doing or anything. You just walk
around the map and you're stronger than
everyone. It's just stat checking it.
And like it didn't I know, oh, it's a
mobile. There's always going to be
strong heroes. That's not how the game
No, it doesn't have to be this bad. like
the fundamental like the game has
fundamental issues that have nothing to
do with flavor of the month patches.
Ivy, I think Ivy is good. Actually, Ivy
is like an underrated hero. Like the
support type of Ivy when you go like
healing tempo, healing nova, capacitor,
and all that stuff is actually really
valuable. Um, I don't know what you guys
think. I'm really frustrated with this
echo shard item right now. I think some
of the most annoying builds in the game
all rely on echoshard and it's really
just annoying. The the buffs to Ivy's
too are really impactful. Ivy, when you
play against like an Ivy/Drifter or
Ivy/Venador, the buffs that Ivy gives
those heroes are actually really good
now. Like you, it's super noticeable.
Her ult is also really good macro
control. It's almost like Miragal. The
amount of map control you get with Ivy
and just being on your team is is a
really big deal. You can punish enemy
teams split pushing with an instant
threeman rotation and like that kind of
thing. or teams that would lose a walker
that have an that have an Ivy don't lose
a walker because Ivy can fly there. It's
just like valuable mobility. It's kind
of like Mirage. Kelvin, I don't think
Kelvin's bad at all. Kelvin's never
really been bad to be honest with you. I
don't think you can say Kelvin's bad.
Kelvin has pretty crazy value and Kelvin
late game is pretty crazy. Feels like
you don't have a lot of impact early
game slash early Midame, but the reality
is Kelvin has crazy scaling. Kelvin at
30 plus minutes is crazy crazy strong.
Kind of one of those things where his
max APs are super good. So, he doesn't
have a lot of gold, but when he does
eventually get those max APs, he takes
over a game. Probably just need to move
some of his strength away from late game
and uh more towards early game again. Uh
Gist. Gist is just really good to be
honest with you. Gist is kind of like I
I would say Gist is really good. Gist is
just a classic. Uh Gist is a classic. Um
my name's Ice Frog. I like my heroes
that do the most damage to have 20,000
effective HP type hero. Lash, I think
Lash is really good. Genuinely, I would
say Lash is same level. Lash is really
good. Lash is just I mean I mean here we
go again. I'm not I'm not complaining,
but like Lash does way too much damage
for how how mobile he is and how much AC
has to be honest with you. It's
whatever. Lash is very good. Hybrid Lash
is very good. You can you can
practically build any build you want on
Lash to be honest. All the all all the
all the Lash has everything. Yeah,
exactly. Lash has a good lane, a good
mid game, a good late game. He's just
He's always good. Like, having a Lash on
your team is never Yeah, I don't know.
Our comp kind of sucks, guys. We have a
Lash on our team. No one has ever spoken
those words. There's a lot of heroes in
this game that when you load into a
game, you're like, "Oh my god, this
game's going to be rough, dude. We've
got uh we've got Wraith, Graves, Apollo,
and Holiday. This just doesn't seem
right." You never say those words with
Lash on your team. Like Lash is he's
never bad. Like, you're always happy to
have a Lash on your team, and you don't
want to play against a Lash. He's just
consistently good. Can someone explain
to me what Lash is lacking to deserve
10% spirit res base? Um, I've given that
feedback actually maybe for two years
now. So, keep typing it on the forums
and maybe in like seven years that'll
get changed cuz I I think I bitched
about that every month for like a year
and it eventually got lowered from like
15 to 10. So, I agree. Yeah, I fully
agree. A is S genuinely. It just takes
skill. It's broken as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It genuinely
is broken as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It just takes skill.
Has Lash ever been bad? No, not really.
Ever since it went from four lanes to
three lanes and they made the game uh
less wide and more about uh elevation.
Lash has been so strong cuz like on the
new iteration of the map, it's it's been
all about big buildings and bounce pads
and Lash just it's just it's a Lash
playground. Haze doesn't take skill. No,
you're just just wrong. You're just
completely wrong. Haze takes a lot of
finesse. I just wish that lower elo
players would have an open mind and
understand that being a 5,000 HP hero
that walks around and kills everybody
and not really having to worry about
positioning takes less skill than being
on haze and killing everybody. But the
reality is you guys never understand
that and that's why the game is balanced
dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, McInness. Okay, this
character is strong though. Like I don't
care what anybody says. This charact I'm
I'm I so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cancer. McInness is not
the worst hero in the game. It It's not
bad by the way. It's not bad. It's I I
would say inconsistent.
I would put it here. It can be really
good. It can also be not good. It's
really annoying and it's weird and it's
draft reliant and whatever. It's so
situational. It almost like McInness and
Graves just kind of fit in this weird
bucket. It just feels weird. Minus has
never felt like she belongs in the game.
Okay, so like here's an example.
McInness is a character that suffers
from no draft and that's why I'm going
to leave it in this category. When you
play McInness and you're playing against
heroes that are re they have a bunch of
uh mobility and a bunch of AoE stuff to
kill your turrets instantaneously, she
feels useless. When you low roll some
comps where you don't really have a lot
of raw AD or a lot of like AoE slop to
kill the turrets instantly. If you're
playing McInness against like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Lash and Holiday and you put a wall down
and she just they just jump over your
wall, it doesn't do anything. But if you
play against the right comp at the right
time, she can be really annoying and
almost borderline uncounterable and just
cancer. But that's a rare situation.
It's just RNG. When you play against
when you play McInness and the enemy
team has characters like Pocket who can
just come in with no risk and one-shot
all your turrets or like paradox bomb
build, she's useless and all of her like
like that kind of thing, right? But some
comps don't have that and then she feels
strong. But like it's just RNG, man. I'm
just going to leave it there. Minus is
not bad. I refuse to say it's bad. It's
just it the P it's it's just
inconsistent, man. I don't have to tell
you. Mina, I would say Mina's probably
like here, honestly. Like probably
bottom of B. Maybe top C. It's like it's
just this weird thing where if you buff
this hero, it's so this character will
be so broken with one small buff. The
kit just needs a rework or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Ah, it's like not OP or anything
anymore, but I can just see on the
walls. I can see the hieroglyphics.
I can see the devs reacting to this and
seeing the win rates and going, "We're
going to make Mina remove two stamina
again and the game's going to suck and
I'm scared." I will say a lot of the
strong heroes right now and that kind of
brings her down. So, I'm going to put
her in C. That's fair. Uh, a lot of the
strong heroes just absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on
Mina Mirage. Um, if you're watching with
any small children or you like Dota 2,
fast forward the video five minutes.
This Mirage hero should be removed from
the game. And I don't care that Valve
spent money on voice acting. I don't
care that they paid people to make time
to make the hero. Uh, it is a cancer to
society. And there's nothing positive it
brings the game. And every direction
you've tried to take this hero is a
complete disaster. It is completely
unfun to play against at every possible
minute in the game and is consistently
one of the just most annoying heroes you
could ever play against. And every
single ability has been reworked at some
point in time and every single ability
is still annoying. It's just it's just
unfun. It's it's just stupid. I I I
don't even want to go into it there. He
doesn't even have one broken part of his
kit. Everything is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. Like
it's just stupid. Like I I just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
hate it. Like I 35% damage penalty on
your one. Okay, that's just I don't even
want to talk about it. Then you go down
the list. You talk about the two. The
tornado is already insanely good. You
overextend in a side lane. You use your
tornado to get out. Oh, that's a great
tool. All right, I have an idea. I'm a
genius. Let's give the tanky hero with a
damage penalty two tornadoes. And after
each tornado, you become unhitable like
your Neo from the Matrix. That'll be
fun, right? And oh, forgot to mention
when you when you go if you tornado into
someone, it does damage and knocks them
up. And it's an escape tool. And then if
you want to have more of that, you could
buy echo shard. And then you could buy
Scrooge and you can do damage in an AoE
around yourself while studing. And then
Scrooge gives you 40% spirit armor and
debuff resist. And then tornado makes
you 60% bullet resist. And then your one
makes you 35% damage reduction and heals
you. So then you're just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
knocking everyone up like dynamo black
hole while doing 10 million damage
around you in a circle. And then you hit
them five times with your gun and they
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they they stun. And then if it
ever goes and then and then if you're
like I don't want to fight Mirage. I'm
going to split push and then he splits
across the map and gets a 1500 barrier.
It's like dude whatever man. Like
there's not a single fun game of
Deadlock with Mirage in the lobby. It's
It's lame. It ruins the game. And if
you're not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you remove it from
the game. But unfortunately, oh, we
invested time and money into the
character, so we're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
leave it in the game for 5 years. When
the reality is, it's a it's a closed
alpha that should genuinely just disable
this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] until you figure it out. I I I
don't want to see it anymore. You're not
even close to balancing the hero. You
don't know what you're doing with the
hero. Just genuinely shelf the hero. It
like I don't want to talk about it. It's
just it's not fun. All I'm saying, if
Mandani wasn't the mayor of New York,
Mirage wouldn't have all this treatment.
Mirage is 5 days away from developing a
nuclear bomb. Let's see. Mo and Krill,
this jit's a little balanced. Mo is
like, okay, you know what? Here we go
again. I'm I don't even know if I've
been on this rant before, but I it
drives me nuts how everyone complains
about Graves being easy. I mean, Mo is
genuinely the easiest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the game.
You can hit E6 on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] steering
wheel on Mo and Krill, and I swear to
God, I'd do it. But Graves is OP. It's
just OP. Now, I'm going to get quoted.
It's not like gamebreaking OP, but it's
it's strong for how loweffort it is.
It's just it's I'm very good at Mo. I'm
very good at Mo. Trust me. It's not a
bad hero. It's It's a very underplayed
hero, to be honest with you. It's a very
underplayed hero. It It's balanced. It's
balanced technically, but it it's
underplayed. Honestly, looking at so
many of these items, um looking at so
many of these characters, I mean, this
Scrooge item makes so many of these
characters strong. So, I'm really
thankful that we have devs that uh will
gut all of the OP items whenever they're
problematic. Makes me really happy. This
item is like the best item in the entire
game and single-handedly carry so many
heroes and it was ruining the game and
their their their
brains their brains in the office they
turned and they came together in a
meeting and said it will be okay if we
remove it from 2.6 to 2.5. The problem I
have with this is that they think that
the game is close to being balanced. And
I want what's best for the game. I'm not
hating, but it kind of is a red flag to
me that they think it was 3.5. Don't be
like that. You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It
has scaling. It goes higher than it was
before. If you have 112 spirit, it's the
same as it was pre pre- nerf. So, if you
have 180 spirit, it's way better than it
was before. And it was way too broken.
Even without the damage, it's by the
way, it's not even about the damage, by
the way. It's not fully about the
damage. The other stats it has are
broken. Like on mow and crow, that's a
13 second duration, 3.5 second uh AoE
that gives you health, armor, and debuff
resist and does damage and gets amped by
escalating and and uh scorn. So
thankfully, if we remove this item by 3
to 4%, it'll or whatever it'll like
whatever my point stands. This item is
like way too broken. And the fact that
they only nerfed the item by 0.1%
makes me sad because it makes me think
they think that it's close to being
balanced. Does that make sense? Like
it's like a slap in the face change. And
then the the comment section on YouTube
is going to be like, well, he complains
about no patch and then he complains
about a patch. And to that I I respond,
you're kind of right. I would but at the
same time it it's like a slap in the
face though. It's like, okay, don't even
like log on to your computer and patch
it if you're gonna patch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by 2%.
Like, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] keep working and give
us a patch. It's like, it's just LAR.
Um, I like Paige. I enjoy having a Paige
on my team. He's a little bit of a
victim hero. Um, I think it's a really
cool hero. And, um, the only issue I
have with Paige has nothing to do with
Paige. My biggest problem with Paige is
knockdown. If you exclude a knockdown
from what I'm about to say, it makes
sense. I think um I think Paige is out
of all of the new DLC heroes in the
game, and by DLC, I'm referencing
Mirage, Viscus, Shiv, all of those
included, including like the fif out of
the 15 new heroes to the game, I think
Paige is the night is the best. Like
like the best design and like the
healthiest. It's a support with clear
ups and downs, decent amounts of damage,
and it's welldesigned visually, and it's
healthy for the game, excluding
knockdown. I think the character is
good, and I like it. There's clear uh
strengths, there's clear weaknesses,
there's clear points in the game where
she's strong, there's clear points in
the game where she's not. And
unfortunately, most of the heroes in
this game don't follow that philosophy.
And I wish more characters did. There's
too many heroes that don't have that
philosophy and are just strong at every
minute in the game and I don't like
that. I think Paige is like she's pretty
balanced to be honest with you. She's
obviously slightly weaker than like
heroes like Rem or Viscus for support,
but she's not when I have a Paige on my
team, I'm not like, "Oh man, I have a
Page. We lost." It's whatever. It's
chill. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with having a Paige. Paige
can do good stuff. It's just not OP.
Lena is really nice, too. Yeah, I like
it. I like Paige. The problem with Paige
is just the same thing that we've
already been talking about. So, I don't
really feel the need to repeat myself,
but um it's just one of those things
that like the things that make her OP
are also just items. Like a lot of the
debuff, spam items, just it's just
slowing hex, knockdown, curse, just
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slop, CC slop. I think her kit
is cool. Not everything can be a skill
shot. Yes, but more things can be.
There's two ends of that statement.
Paradox. Um I think Paradox is strong.
Probably probably up here. Uh, Paradox
is just it's a it's a high value hero.
Well, these pick heroes are valuable and
they simplify the game. Like the pick
heroes in this game are solid. They're
all a little bit better than balanced.
Maybe here. I guess it's just echoard.
Yeah, echo shard brings him brings her
whatever uh paradox is up a bit.
Echosard bomb late game is super value.
Paradox is just good because it's a hero
that doesn't need much gold that does
things on your team. I know that sounds
forehead, but Paradox does good damage.
Paradox has good HP. Paradox buys
slowing hex at the start of every game.
And Paradox can make a game that's in a
stalemate. Uh you can, you know, find
one pick, turn the game around. Paradox
doesn't have any part of the game where
she's just useless. Paradox is a is a
solid, useful, good pick. Just it's
good. It's a good hero. Pocket. Uh I
mean, yeah, this character is pretty
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. I think it's one of
those things that's just people are
gonna disagree with me on forever.
Pocket Affliction just objectively
breaks the game and changes the entire
game. I It's like what Dynamo Black hole
to low elo is to high elo. Does that
make any sense? Low elo is like, "Oh my
god, press four, we lost." That's pocket
in high elo. The reality is Dynamo is
more counterable than Pocket. And also
Pocket one of the best characters at
sidelaning in a way. Like Pocket can
clean your waves for free and change the
pace of the game. It's kind of difficult
to counter. Maybe I have to put Haze
here because I don't think you can
compare Haze to these characters. Now I
feel weird about doing that. These
characters are just like they need to
rework ASAP. Um Rem, I think Rem's OP. I
think Rem just enables the tank meta way
too much and it like it this game needs
a rework. I mean, that's facts, bro. On
God, he's right. I need Deadlock
Classic. And then the comment section is
going to say, "Regish only gives
feedback because he's nostalgic. He
misses the old days." Well, listen. I
want the game to be better. And there
was things from the older days where the
game flowed better. It's kind of like I
like soccer without VAR. Does that mean
I'm a boomer and I'm ank and I'm a
loser? No. But this the flow of the game
kind of gets ruined. It's a mix between
both is the reality. It's just
unfortunately it feels like the people
that created the original heroes are not
the people that created the new heroes
and they don't belong in the same realm.
And a lot of that tries to get fixed by
like making one of them have be like
crazy OP or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to try and counter
the kit being like I don't know man.
Some of the new kits are just brain
dead. Like I don't know what to tell
you. Some of these kits are just so
overloaded they don't like the older
heroes have to have like higher base
stats. Like the game has a kit imbalance
issue and then the way they're trying to
band-aid fix that is make the characters
with weaker kits have better stats. So
then you're like doing this weird like
clash of power where it's like uh base
stats versus OP kit with bad stats and
it doesn't feel like it flows correctly.
It feels like you're doing like a
cinematic crossover between Marvel
universe in the Power Rangers where it's
like it just feels [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird. It
doesn't It's just whack. I don't even
know. Some of these kits are just brain
dead. And then some of the reworks they
did were successful and some of the
reworks they did were bad. Like for
example, Mirage on release era where he
was a mark person with Ricochet was more
fun to play against and more balanced
than his current iteration. The rework
was a failure in my opinion. Um I think
Yamato was more fun to play against when
she didn't get 40 spirit on grapple and
when she didn't have charges on grapple.
That was a rework that tried to bring
her up to the modern power level that
see like do you get what I'm getting at
here? Some of the older kits get buffed
to bring them to the same power level as
the new heroes like Billy. But that's a
problem because these heroes are OP.
They need to be brought down here. But
the problem is to solve Billy being up
here. They're like, "Let's bring Yamato
up here." Well, then I'm like, "Wait a
minute. The power level is like so power
crept." You get what I'm saying? They're
they're they're making the game like
worse because they're trying to like
accommodate for like overtuned kits by
making the less OP kits strong, but then
the game doesn't have flow anymore. Does
that make any sense? I might sound like
a a skitso to you. That's just my
opinion. Uh maybe you'll realize it
later, but that's my take on the game.
That's my vision, but I don't know.
Seven. Seven is fine, be honest. Like
maybe a little bit weaker. He's good in
a way like I don't know man. Maybe like
here. I don't know man. Like he's
balanced to be honest. The only way
seven isn't balanced is like due to
drafts and things like that. It's not
like too draft reliant but it does vary
a lot. I'm going to give you an example
like for you load, right? If you queue
into a match and you're you you are
playing seven, right? And your teammates
are giga tank space makers that let you
farm the map properly. This hero is S
tier. That's not always the case,
though. If you load into a game on
seven, right, and the enemy team is like
Mirage, Billy, Doorman, Silver, and
they're just running at the enemy team
and making so much space for you and
they're never going to be on your side
of the map, this character can thrive,
and his farm speed is crazy and he can
get ahead and then he can 1v6. But if
you're against those type of tempo
heroes, which is this is the case most
games in Hyo, you get caught out in the
jungle, you lose your jungle, you fall
behind a little bit, and you don't
actually 1v6. The power creep dream
doesn't come to fruition as much. The
lower elo you get, the more he is up
here. But because that high elo players
abuse the tempo heroes more and punish
you, he goes down a little bit. Not to
say he's bad, but the lower ELO you are,
this charact higher this character gets.
I feel like I have a really good vision
for the game and what the game should
feel like, but in my head and trying to
express that without stepping on toes
and making you guys understand it. It
It's a It's something I struggle with
and I have to try and choose my words
wisely because it's not emotional. It's
like this character breaks the
philosophy that I want for the game and
it bothers me. Like this character is
too mobile, too tanky, and does too much
damage for one hero. And the only way to
counter said hero is to CC spam. But
those are both things that I don't want
to be in the game. Like, does that make
sense? I don't know how to describe this
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] His pure existence makes it to
where you need things that I don't want
to be in the game in the first place.
This applies to the next two characters.
Yes. I don't know. This character, I
don't like playing against it ever.
Never have. Uh it's just it's always
been pretty OP. It is. I I don't know,
man. I don't know, man. I don't know,
man. Character's OP. When they try to
change it, it gets reverted in two days
when it's not wellreceived, which also
bothers me because I want them to do
that. I want them to try things and then
revert them. It bothers me that some
things they try are even more annoying
than Shiv and they don't revert them.
So, it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bothers me that they like
will actually they actually did what
I've been begging for them to do, which
bothers me because why don't they do it
more? Like, there's some some things in
this game, some reworks stay in the game
for way too long for a um for a TBD
pre-alpha, like certain interactions
should have been gone forever ago. Like,
does that make any sense? And it bothers
me that Shiv had a remake and then it's
changed in one day. It's like, well, so
if you're willing to change a hero's
whole identity in one day, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
can't we change this hero? Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
can't we change uh you know what I'm
saying? Does that make any sense? It
feels like it's like inconsistent
balancing that's like hero preferential.
I mean, the devs just got to lock in,
bro. To be honest with you, the heroes
that are strong in this game are never
fun to play against. And you might be
like, "Well, that's because it's a MOA
and the strong heroes are always going
to be strong." That's not true. It It's
just like I don't know, man. It it's
just OP, bro. Like, everything about it,
I don't even know what to say. Like,
Shiv does take skill and it does require
whatever blah blah blah blah blah, but
at the end of the day, this this
character still I disagree with the
philosophy. He he checks too many boxes.
Also, every meta character is like
tanky, including Shiv. Like, why is Shiv
the anti-tank hero when he's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
tank? So, how do you counter Shiv? CC.
So, the only counter to a hero is CC
spam. Yes, Pocket, the infamous tank.
Okay, low key though, Pocket is a tank.
Think about it. The effective HP he has
with his mobility is effectively tanky.
He is more difficult to kill than other
tanks actually. But you're not ready for
that conversation. Your IQ is not high
enough. Silver brother. Um, this
character falls under the Mirage
category. Why? XQC just DM me. I need to
kill him. So, with with no context,
Silver, I mean, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this hero, bro. Oh,
god. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the silver community first and
foremost. I just want to say that. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
all y'all. This is the most toxic, whiny
community next to Shiv, if not above.
Um, I get more harassment from the
silver community than any community in
the game ever. You guys are extremely
biased because of I don't even want to
talk about it, but you all know why.
You're extremely biased. And whenever
silver is not SS plus tier, you guys
literally assault and harass me when I
say silver is OP and it should be
nerfed. And you instead of like
separating people from the the reality
of the balance, Silver was the number
one hero in the game for 3 months. I
went on a tier list and said Silver was
OP, which is objectively a fact. I got
infinite like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] death threats,
harassment from all these silver players
over getting the character nerfed from S
plus to like A. It was not even [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
gutted or anything. Your community is so
whiny that if the community is going to
be this whiny, the devs are going to
have an impossible time balancing the
game. Because when things like Shiv who
are S tier get a rework and get slightly
nerfed, everyone [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so hard they
get reverted and it goes right back to
being S tier. This character is broken.
It's not fun to play against. It It's
It's just a poor design with too many
things. The character has too many
things built in. It's it's it's just not
fair. It's not balanced. like compare.
Somehow, by the way, you know, love him,
but somehow the same person that made
Silver made Graves and Mina and Paige. I
don't know. Like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
this hero. This hero is just just
cancer. It's just cancer to the game.
Like, it's like these new like a lot of
these new gen heroes actually just like
nuke the game full flame. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate
playing against these new heroes. I
don't want to play against Mirage. I
don't want to play against Silver. I
don't want to play against Billy. I
don't want to play against Dorman. Like
just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. It's just OP.
It always has been. I I don't know what
to tell you. Characters just always been
OP. The funny thing about this game is a
lot of the counters to the broken things
are considered OP and people want them
nerfed. Can you guys imagine what this
game would be like? I want I want you
guys to think about for two seconds.
What would the current meta is like a
tank meta right now? Nerf pocket. What's
the tank meta like without pocket? Even
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] worse. So like we're in an
inevitable state where there's certain
evils that need to be a thing even
though in their own right they're cancer
and it's like we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The only way
to counter shiv is another shiv. The
only way to counter silver is another
silver. The only way to counter pocket
being OP is another pocket level hero.
The the power level of these heroes is
just way too broken. Sinclair I mean
there's nothing really to talk about.
Add draft to the game and the game gets
a lot better. Like it's just
inconsistent draft LAR. Uh bunny is not
a fun ability to play against. Echos
shard bunny. remove that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it's
just inconsistent cuz there's no draft.
It can be S tier. It can be Ctier. It is
what it is. Type one if you think we
should just remove echo shard. Honestly,
that's actually a good take. You should
just be able to uh dispel bunny. Like
honestly, but you know what another
problem is? There are things in this
game that are low win rate, low pick
rate, and that people still want things
nerfed. That's when you know this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
is our game is all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Um
Aventor, uh same thing as always. Uh,
the best DPS heroes are tanks. Hero is
just a tank for no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason. Who
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] knows why? Character just has
too much HP. He It's all base stat check
slop. His kit is strong and he has two
His base stats are too good. This guy's
a number one stat abuser in the game.
That's just all it is. Like this
character has no weak points. Like,
okay, so Wraith and Ventor have similar
strength late games or mid games, right?
One of them has a weak lane and has ways
to counter them. The other one has a
strong lane, a strong mid game, a strong
late game, a strong turbo late game,
strong indoors, strong outdoors, strong
uh like whatever, man. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
strong solo, strong in What's the
weakness? The only weakness is you.
Yeah, I'm pointing at you. Oh, mobility.
Oh, mobility. Oh, good thing you Yeah,
cuz you can't buy mobility in this game.
It would suck if you could just buy warp
stone. Honestly, you know what's funny?
He doesn't have a real weakness. If
Ventor Okay, listen. You guys don't know
what it's like to play weak heroes. I'm
sick of this community. Listen, if a
hero had actually weak mobility, you
would have you would genuinely be like,
listen, listen to me for two seconds.
Erase all your opinions in your bias. If
a character had a weakness, you would
buy items to compensate the weakness.
Not a single ventor even buys movement
items. So, does he really have a
weakness? If you can really win every
game without buying a single movement
item, does it is it really a weakness?
No. If you're on Graves and you don't
buy a stamina item, you will die over
and over and over and over and over
again. And you're going to die and
you're going to say, "I need movement."
On Ventor, that doesn't even [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
happen. So, that's not a real weakness.
You're laring. If he actually had to to
if he actually had to buy movement, he
would have like he doesn't even like if
he really needed to buy mobility, he
would lose 3k gold in a damage item on
superior stamina. But you don't even
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that. So I don't want to
hear, oh, he has low mobility. It's not
even true, man. It's just not true. He
should be a two stamina hero 100%.
Anyway, this hero is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken.
Like dead ass. It's just it's just it's
just broken. Uh Wraith, I would say
Wraith is Wraith is a balanced hero. I
like Wraith. I just the only thing I
wish in this game just a little bit
which is a little picky. Whatever. I
don't like that Wraith has a CC spell.
Other than that, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with her design.
Really cool. One of the coolest designs
in the game. Um, she has clear weak
points, she has clear strong points, she
has clear counterplay,
and it's a well-designed hero. Other
than the CC on old, I think this game
needs to stray away from turbo scalers
having CC. It's a 6v6. Someone on your
team is going to have CC. It doesn't
have to be the the It doesn't have to be
everyone. There's nothing wrong with
loading into a game on a on a turbo
scaler and not having CC. Like, not
every carry has to have CC. Like, let's
just like let's lock in for a second
here. Yeah, you can also buy CC. So,
even if a hero doesn't have CC, you can
also just buy it. So, the problem is
every character has CC and you can also
just buy it. You can just buy capacitor
on Wraith and then Bolt and nobody can
even and her one slows you for some
reason. So, like you can just like every
character has these sneakadoodle little
CC's and it's annoying honestly. Like it
doesn't have to be like that. We live in
a society where things don't have to be
the way you think they are and they
didn't used to be. But if anyone brings
up how it used to be, you get like you
get flamed by the public and that's
unhealthy and as humans we should do
better. Wraith I I think R's balanced. I
would say Wraith is like like here
honestly. I'd say Wraith's good. Wraith
is a good character. Uh very good solo Q
hero. It's the thing about Wraith is um
why would you play Wraith when you can
just play [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Venador Gist and
Mirage? They're just so much better.
There's a huge gap in strength there.
Like here's my thing that I've been
saying in a lot of for I've been saying
this in a lot of videos. Um there are
heroes in this game that are fun and but
the problem is they have counterplay and
well there's not really a point of
playing heroes that have counterplay if
there's heroes that are just as strong
without counterplay. There's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
counterplay to to to Mirage or Ventor.
There's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] counterplay. Why
would you play Infernace that has a weak
point? No, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Like, like, just
don't. Why would you play Silver? Why
would you play Why would you play Abrams
when you could play Shiv or Silver? They
just do everything he does but better.
Like, just literally like s like or
Billy. It's just DLC versions of heroes.
Like, they have weaknesses and you and
the other heroes don't. So, there's no
point. And you might say, "Oh, but it's
not all about winning." I understand
that. I wish that's how the world works.
Unfortunately, humans suck and
everything is only in Hyo about abusing
the most cancer annoying things ever.
Nobody cares about having fun. Nobody's
employed. Nobody has any empathy. It's
only about the leaderboard. Win the
game. Abuse what's broken. Hopefully, it
doesn't get fixed sooner so I can cheese
my way to high elo and then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk
everyone on the way up. I I I hope that
my number on the leaderboard is higher
than yours so I can call you poor and
call you a loser. Ah, shut up, man. It's
just an egojerk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slob community.
I'm going to get another account to the
top 10 so I can get so I can get more
mad at people who don't have three
accounts in the top 10. Um, Victor,
let's see. Yeah, I I mean, at the end of
the day, we all know who's the goat. At
the end of the day, I'm not going to say
his name. We all know who's the goat.
Victor, resident Victor one trick. What
do you think, man? I don't know. I think
this character is pretty balanced, to be
honest with you. I think it's really
once again it's another hero that falls
under the bracket of refresher ruins the
character or echoard. A lot of
characters in this game that get ruined
by refresher echoard like Dynamo is only
like like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. This game just has a
bunch of items and a bunch of things
that just heroes are bottlenecked by
certain things and they refuse to change
those certain things. Victor I I do
think Victor's balanced though.
&gt;&gt; Can you
&gt;&gt; I don't know where I put Victor. He's
not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but like it's not like OP. I I
don't know, man. Listen, your soccer
team is going to lose today. Just don't
be mad now. You're going to be mad all
day. Like, let's relax. You're going to
get cheated on all day by Vgentina.
You're going to be mad. Let's just chill
out before the game. Okay. When you look
at my tier list and you look at one
placing of a hero without watching my
entire video because you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
ADHD uh Gen Z like, you know, Zoomer,
you're going to look at the tier list.
You're going to say this hero above this
hero. Boom. But if you watch the entire
video with the context of my philosophy
on the game, you would understand. I
think all of these type of heroes are
way too strong individual power level
and heroes like Victor are balanced and
these heroes should be brought down to
more like Victor's power level. But the
reality is we live in a world that's not
true. So it doesn't make any sense. This
character is in my opinion really
strong, but in this category still it it
just is. It's inconsistent draft reliant
and it can be super super good and it
can be super super bad and locking it to
one category feels wrong. There are
situations that it's super S tier and
situations as it's really not very
playable. And I and I'm not going to I'm
not going to only lock this I'm not I'm
not going to only lock weaker heroes to
this category. I'll put Vin in there,
too. Vin is really good and Vin can be a
lot weaker. It's it's very uh dependent.
Viscus. Yeah, this character is broken.
The reason that Viscus is broken is
because the cube is broken. The cube is
too strong for how low of a cool down it
is. Gra Okay, you guys aren't ready for
this conversation. The The reason that
Viscus is balanced the way he is is
because like it's the same thing as why
Graves is bad. The noobs can't handle
the simple counterplay to the the
abilities that are balanced. So, they
have to make those abilities bad. And
then they have to make the easier
abilities OP. You guys couldn't counter
the the grave skulls, so they had to
nerf her to the ground. You guys can't
parry a puddle punch, so they had to
nerf it to the ground. And if you nerf
the puddle punch to the ground, you have
to leave the cube strong or it's not
even a hero anymore. But you guys got to
be careful what with what you wish for
because you guys thought that the puddle
punch build was so OP and instead of
turning down the puddle punch build a
little bit, maybe reworking like the
charge delay, you guys wanted it
completely gutted and because you wanted
it gutted, the cube has to be strong and
they refused to nerf the cube. So the
character is annoying. It is what it is.
The cube is just OP. Also, another
conversation we're not ready for. The
ball is a terrible spell. It is one of
the worst spells in the game and you're
not ready for that conversation. The
ball is either useless or two strong
brain dead dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That same thing
with this three. He has two spells that
are Viscus has basically three spells
that are either unplayable or OP. Viscus
is a two spell hero that's strong. It's
really not that difficult, man. Like you
easily can take power away from the cube
and buff the three and the ball just
slightly and the character would be more
fun to play. It's another thing where
like the cube is OP. Echo shard is OP on
the cube eventually. Like even if you
nerf the cube cool down, it would still
be OP cuz people would just be building
echoard and use it the exact same way.
It's one of those things where like if
the cube got nerfed and echoard didn't
exist, we could live in a world where
maybe viscus could be balanced. But
there's just like the noobs don't know
how to parry the three dog.
&gt;&gt; So three is going to be bad, which means
the two is going to be OP. Whatever.
&gt;&gt; Focus dog.
&gt;&gt; Viper. I think Viper is balanced. Viper
has uh maybe this is a better category
to be honest with you. Is this a bad Is
this a bad idea? I think when you play
Viper into a comp that doesn't have a
million counters inherently, it takes
over the lobby. When you play Viper into
Billy Mirage, Vindicta Silver, holy
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. This character's ass. But if
you randomly load into a game, which is
the game's coin flippy at the end of the
day, when you queue a Deadlock game, you
are flipping a coin. You're saying, "I
hope that the randomly selected
characters we get are good into the
randomly selected characters they get."
That's all you're doing. And if you're
if you're on Viper and you flip a coin
and you go into a low roll and you're
like, "Oh, I'm against Mirage, Billy,
Lash, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Silver, Ven, Doorman. Oh,
oh, GG's, bro. Useless ass hero." But if
you don't if you go into a team that
doesn't have a million CC and a million
knockups, Viper can literally just
actually 1v6. But that's not the
reality. It's not the world we live in.
I'm going to leave it in this tier.
You're flipping a coin. And so the
reason people prefer uh Venador to Viper
is because you can load into a game on
Venador and there's no such thing as a
bad Venador game. There's no such thing
as a bad Billy game. There's no such
thing as a bad Mirage game, but there
are such things as a bad Viper game. So
if you're going to just uh if you're
going to play 300 games in a month, you
would not want to pick a hero where 50
of them you automatically lose. This
character doesn't have those type of
things. So people prefer to play this
over that. I I don't know where to rank
Warden to be honest. Uh my goat says
it's bad. I think people play it and
think it's strong. I still fundamentally
I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with Warden. Warden is
vanilla game Venador. That's what he is.
Venador was a reskin of Warden. I think
Warden is just I mean he's good to be
honest. Yeah, he's good in the category
of characters that he plays. There's
characters that overshadow him a little
bit, but he still is very good. Um,
yeah, Yamato. So, like Yamato is one of
those things where remove the the
charges on the grapple. I mean, whatever
dev decided that, hey guys, um, some of
the newer heroes are kind of strong. So
to bring Yamato in line with the power
standards, I think we should give Yamato
bountous spirit in lane and then make it
to where she has infinite grapples. And
instead of adding a cool down or a
charge delay, the charge delay goes down
while you're flying to them. So if you
fly for 3 seconds, they're actually a
zero charge delay. Then you can press
three three times. And if you press your
ult, you can press two again and get
three more. By the way, they still give
you boundless spirit when you press two.
And we should make it to where it procs
spirit snatch with point click. And then
at the same patch, let's buff spirit
snatch. And then if she presses
refresher, she'll have 20 seconds of
unstoppable. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your motto. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Here.
&gt;&gt; Let's all calm down with some Coke.
Shaky.
[music]