Okay, are you guys ready? Hey guys, does
my microphone sound good? This one
should be faster than the last one.
Basically, as an introduction to the
video, the earn is more important than
ever. Having a good earn fight
determines the hero strength more than
almost anything else. Anyway, to start
off, we'll go Abrams. Abrams is probably
Btier. I think if the earn gets nerfed,
he'll go up to A, but I I I think he is
good right now. But like Abrams on the
earn, pretty mediocre. It's all right.
There's better frontlininers. I think
he's good though. He's chill. Like he's
not an elo potion. Apollo. So here's the
problem with Apollo. It's not even like
Okay, Apollo is like one of the best
heroes in the game still pre 10 minutes.
But does that even matter? No. If you
win too hard early, they get the
comeback earn which gives them 50% armor
in a 60 meter uh radius. So winning that
hard early is actually a losing
position. In competitive, the teams that
picked early game comps and won early
game lost almost every game because if
the other team gets a comeback earn at
1520, like the teams that got the
comeback earn won every game. So, he's
like Ctier only because he is
technically strong early, but like he's
kind of useless in a other than other
than using his repost to cancel like
seven McInness and like Lashal, which is
like okay, like he's kind of useless for
what we're talking about. Bbop. I'll
probably say like Bbop seems to be not
great. I'm going to be honest. You could
play like the beam build or whatever,
but it's just so much easily it's easier
counterable than the other ults that are
more OP. So, I don't really see the
point. Bop's like okay. I I think he's
like below average this patch. I
wouldn't be surprised if he was like a
45% win rate this patch. Honestly, he
doesn't seem that great. Um Billy, I
think Billy is S tier. Um the changes
they made to Billy where they did like a
global health reduction on everybody.
Um, and Billy, the buffs that Billy got
are insane. And Billy's kit for EN is
very strong. Billy is like the best
frontliner to have right now. One of the
best. Um, just like if you have your max
one and you have like and you have
points in your three, uh, like and you
have the new like buffed spirit snatch
and things like that, like you can you
can literally gain like 900 HP from one
slam on the earn and then like he
already has four to 5k HP besides that.
So, like we saw in competitive Billy was
getting really high and we saw Billy
with like 5 to 6,000 HP with like 40 40
armor and he's a very good uh heroic
aura holder which I do think is really
strong. He he's just like the best front
liner this patch. I think him and Silver
are just like elite. Agreed. Billy is my
band this patch personally. Calico. Um I
think this hero is garbage. Like
garbage. Um,
I'm willing to be wrong about this, but
I don't remember. I'm thinking back to
every game I've played this patch and
every game that I've watched this patch
and she provides the lowest amount of
like utilitarian value for in mid- boss
fights. Like the lowest in the game
probably. Uh, so that's just trash. She
has no CC and everybody still has a lot
of HP and she doesn't even kill anybody.
So maybe she'll be good. So, here's the
thing. Like, it's going to be one of
those things where when they make
adjustments to the earn, right? She's
probably actually going to be decent.
But for now, when it's actually just
earn 50/50 flipping every game, Galo is
useless. Celeste. Um, I think Celeste is
like really good. Honestly, probably S
tier, probably bottom of SIA. Uh,
Celeste seems to be Thanos in my
opinion. One of the best earn runners in
the game. One of the best fighters on
earn in the game. AoE, damage, amp, AoE,
bouncing ball. She, okay, you know
what's you know what's really the TLDDR?
We've said it time and time again, but I
mean, she has good mobility and she has
uh uh she has four Ailabilities in a way
and she can actually scale the giga late
game. So, uh she she benefits from the
stats from earn, she benefits from the
meta, she benefits from I don't know,
she's great. She's just great all
around. Uh she's just great. She skills
very hard for a good team fight. Um, for
a good team fight hero for the earn and
mid boss, she scales exceptionally well.
Dorman,
um,
I'd probably put Dorman in high A. I
think he's still very, very, very good.
I just don't think he's like Ztier this
patch. I think he's very, very, very
good. Um,
but you know, I don't know about like
top five, but like he's still very very
very good. I would I do recommend still
playing him. Still very amazing.
anything in A tier is just amazing
still. Um, Drifter, I mean, Drifter's
kind of like the same thing. Cranon
seems to think Drifter is really bad.
Um, I don't The thing is I think some of
these melee changes do make his damage
like that like like solid though. Like I
I would put Drifter I think Drifter is
kind of like Calico in a way, but I do
think Drifter is like better than
Calico. Like he does seem very strong on
an individual fighting level. Like way
stronger than Calico. So I don't feel uh
okay putting him in D. Um,
it's not great. Like, it's not it's not
a a great hero, but I do think he's like
I I'm not going to call him bad. He has
more utility than uh he has more utility
than Calico for sure. I do think he
feels good with the with the buff sir
snatch and things like that. Dynamo uh
we haven't seen like any Dynamo. Um we
have not seen like any Dynamo to be
honest. You would think you would, but
we have not. I have not seen any Dynamo.
You would think it'd be really good, but
I don't even know what to say. I lowkey
feel like Dynamo is not even that great
at earn. Am I crazy? the other heroes
that people are drafting in competitive
like like can just counter Dynamo in a
way though because like in competitive
and like higher elo everybody's drafting
like a lot of the other heroes like with
CC or just like like okay for example um
everybody is like including me you're
playing okay say you're playing for
10-minute earn and you're playing the
Mcinness ult build and the dynamo the
enemy dynamo black holes three of your
teammates on the earn a McInness ult
would kill a full HP dynamo on the by
herself in one in one frame like it
Doesn't matter if you have unstoppable.
This McInness build and an AoE would
legit one tap it instantaneously. A lash
which everybody plays as well would just
ult off the dynamo. Like I mean there's
so many other forms of CC. People play
Sinclair which would just be would just
have better value. People play
Viperbola. Like people play other like
there's so many uh better forms. There's
so many better forms of uh CC for the
earn. You'd think it would be good but
it's actually kind of bait. It's just
it's just bait. Cheat death plus
unstoppable plus extreme duration.
Hello. What can you do? Okay. I mean,
you're just like an alchemist, buddy.
Your game times are like 50 minutes.
Like, like that's not how the game
works. The game's decided before you
even get one of those items. Whoever
gets the first like the game is decid
decided at like minute 15 in this patch.
Like dead ass 20 at the latest. Yo, what
up cosmetical? Thank you for the raid,
bro. This guy's raiding me during a tier
list so we can get on YouTube. I don't
know. I feel dynamo is like good, but
like it's like it's just like it's not
as OP as you would think. You know what
I'm saying? It's not even that good.
Like it's like actually not even that
good. Like genuinely though, like the
like there's just so many things they
can counter though. Okay, it is the
biggest earned team fight meta of all
time. Like literally of all time. There
has never been more 6v6 team fights,
right? And Dynamo did not get picked a
single game in competitive across
multiple regions and across all these
teams. Like it can't you know what I'm
saying? Like like when you're going to
say something is like Ztier OP, if it's
actually being played in a gimmicky meta
and for a huge expensive competitive
tournament and it's not even picked a
singular time, it can't be that Ztier.
Like you know what I'm saying? There's
just better counters and alternatives.
Oh, see big nerf. That's not what you
want to play in tournament. That's not
true. The meta completely flipped itself
upside down though. I think Abrams does
feel good. Maybe he's a tier, but I
don't know. We'll see. Graves. Okay, so
like this is weird though because this
is where I need to decide what I want to
do with this tier list because for
example, Graves is another hero that is
like Graves, all the low elo people in
my chats are going to say S tier. Yeah.
No. Uh like pretty garbage hero in
competitive like unpicked basically.
McInness does what Graves does like so
much better. Not even close. Like if
you're talking about like top 1% like
the top like 1 to 2% McInness is like
McInness is like 60% win rate in E6 and
Graves is like 52. It's like not and
they do the same job. Like if one team
had Graves and one team had Minus the
McInness team is so much stronger.
Graves is the best in the game. I mean
like I don't know what to tell you.
You're bad. I I don't know what to tell
you. How do you shut down Graves? How do
you shut down Graves? Shut down. She's
not strong early. If Graves is ahead
early, you're just awful. What do you
mean shut down? Like, how do you shut
down one of the worst early game heroes
in the game? What do you mean shut down?
If Graves is on a kill streak, you're
just an alchemist, too, bro. Auto aim.
Auto aim. Auto aim. Every single
character in this game's gun is so easy
to use besides like one or two. You if
Look, I have opposable thumbs. Haze is
auto aim. You have 90% accuracy on Haze.
Like, is that is that Oh, auto aim.
What's the average rank in here? Am I
the only Eternis? You might be, man. I
don't know. I don't even I think they're
just rage baiting, though. Graves is a
great hero, but saying it's the best
hero in the game is ridiculous. There
are so many heroes that like run around
Graves in circles. Unironically, Graves
is actually like good, but it's not it's
not even close to OP, I guess. Like,
okay, for example, if I was rating this
on competitive, I would put Graves like
here, right? But since I'm trying to
balance it a little bit between
competitive and like, you know, not
competitive, I would I'm going to put
her like probably bottom A, but she's
not like S tier. Like if you think she's
S tier, you're just like you have to
self-expose. Um,
it's like yeah, like in Eterna six, it's
like here. And like anything below
Eternus, it's like here. You know what
I'm saying? In a turn of six, it's like
it's like literally here. But like in
your guys, it's like up here. I get it.
I get it. Just ignore Look, if you're
just ignore my tier list, okay, ignore
it then. I don't care if you're low ELO,
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] play Graves. Sure, it's OP,
buddy. You're low elo, play graves,
sure, it's best hero in the game. Just
keep living in bliss. Ignorance is
bliss. Um, GT GT is like, um,
let's see here. GT is like, he's good.
He's good. I'd probably say no. Like,
okay, now I'm getting rage baited. Now I
feel like I have to do this. I didn't
define my tiers for this tier list, so
now I feel weird. GT does feel good,
though. GT does feel good. BT is a good
hero. Haze. Uh, I think Haze is pretty
garbage. Like probably down here level.
It's just the same thing. It's just the
same thing as like these other heroes.
Like obviously if the patch changes,
ignore everything that I'm saying in
this entire video for the most part.
Like I don't want to see people
commenting. There's a lot of YouTube
schizophrenics who comment on my videos
3 months after I post them and get mad
at me. This video is being recorded on
May 25th, 2026. So, please don't comment
on this video in October of 2027 and say
that I'm a stupid fat idiot for having a
tier list wrong. Please, YouTube
skitsos, please look at the date of the
video. Um, everything in this video is
about the earn in the current patch. Uh,
Haze just doesn't do anything valuable
for the earn for the most part.
Everything is like flying AoE like big
bang bonanza. And like what does Hayes
do? Hayes build is strong and
competitive, bro. He got swatted like a
fly and lost the game instantly
yesterday playing that build. A week ago
it was really good. Now, nope. I'm not
going to get mad at you for not knowing
everything. I'm unemployed and I stream
Deadlock 12 hours a day and I'm very
tapped into everything. Haze is garbage.
Haze one week ago was OP. I agree. Um,
Holiday is not even that bad, by the
way. Like I I really don't think Holiday
is that bad. I think Holiday is like one
of the like you would think it's not
like it's actually decent. Like like
Holiday is like actually up here. Not
bad at all. Holiday is good because of
the magic carpet buff. Dude, you guys
like I don't even know. You guys got to
stop typing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like this is
painful and embarrassing. Infernace.
Okay, so you might get baited and think
Infernace is OP, right? You might think
Infernace is OP, but do you want to know
why Infernace isn't OP? I'll show you at
the end of the tier list, but every
single good hero in the meta in his role
does everything you would think he would
do better, and he doesn't even win
fights against all of those people. So,
like what does an Infernace do when
you're against Okay, like it'll be
easier to explain at the end of the
video, but like Infernace seems good,
but Infernace does not function as a
hero against Billy, Celeste, Yamato, you
know, Ultimus playing from Narnia, like
all these things like, you know, pocket
like all the silver, all these like S
tier heroes Infernace can't really
interact with in a way. So, it's like I
think Infernace is like top of Ctier.
He's like fine, but like like he's like
Yeah, Infernace is like Okay, Infernace
just uh he he's fine. He's playable.
Play him if you want. Yeah, Infern is
strong in low ranks because they always
are just walking on the ground. Yeah.
So, this is like another thing.
Infernace is like a good example. It's a
floor is lava character, but the higher
ELO you get, the less time is spent on
the ground. So, like what does the lava
do if you're on the if you're in the
air? It doesn't do much. Also, in high
elo, like if you watch competitive
matches or E6, there's like five dispel
magics per team every game. So, like it
takes so much effort to get your your
burn on your burns and debuffs on
somebody and if they cleanse it, you
just Yeah, I don't think he's bad by the
way. Okay, please,
not to be egotistical, the goose cooker,
but please stop coming into my chat and
just saying whatever I'm saying is wrong
and then saying burst fire fixes that
problem. Oh my god, you're so right. I
should go sell uh this this witch magic
to all the pro teams if they just simply
bought burst fire. They would have won
uh 20k. They just simply didn't think of
buying burst fire. Wow. They would have
actually flipped the tournament upside
down if they picked infernus and bought
burst fire. Like think before you speak,
please. Ivy, I don't think Ivy's bad at
all. Ivy doesn't seem bad at all. I'm
going to be honest. Ivy seems like one
of the better decentish supports for
this meta. At first I thought Ivy would
be bad, but like I would probably say
like here. I'm not going to lie. Ivy is
just a good circle hero. She's a good
circle hero and a circle meta. She's
solid. There's definitely a lot better
heroes, but she's solid. Very solid.
Kelvin. Uh Kelvin. Okay. Um uh you made
him unfollow. I I really don't care. I I
really I really could care less. I don't
want people to follow me who think like
they know better than everything that
I'm talking about when they're actually
like Alchemist. Every single time
someone says some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that and
then they link their stat locker,
they're like Alchemist with like a 100
games played and they're just telling me
that I'm like like like better or
they're like they're better than me or
something. I really don't care. I'm here
for the truth and the truth hurts. Okay.
Yep. Okay. So, here's the thing. Kelvin
is like really good because you can dome
the earn, but I think that's going to
get hot fixed within like 48 hours. That
shit's got to be a bug. I don't think
that's intentional. So given like that
context, I'm going to put Kelvin here,
but I really don't think that like uh
you know, I think he would go down as
hero if that's fixed. Um Gist. Okay,
Gist isn't a weak hero individually, but
once again, because of what we're
talking about, Gist doesn't do that much
for the earn fights and she it's not a
sign lane meta right now, so she kind of
just giga fell off. Like Gist is
unironically like down here like like
unironically. I know it sounds crazy,
but like unironically, even though,
okay, the thing is though, this is going
to change in like 2 seconds. This is
going to change in like 2 seconds. As
soon as this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gets hot fixed, guys,
is going to go straight back up, right?
But like technically, for right now,
when I'm making this, it's not the best.
Yeah. Yeah. Write this. Let this be Let
this be the day. Let this be the day
that you remember that Gist was not S
tier for one week. Lash. Okay. I think
Lash is S tier. Uh, genuinely, I think
Lash is just
so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] always. This character is just
like so broken always. Lash is like Lash
is like on average A+ tier every patch.
There's so many people who are like not
like just that that character is like
one of the most inflated heroes in the
game. It's if you one trick Lash, even
if you're bad at the game, you'll have
an over 50% win rate. Even if you're
just bad. It's funny because like when
all the when they changed the uh when
you really hate gun characters, huh?
Lash's Lydia has played Spirit right
now. So like L Rage Bait, you're bad.
Yeah, they buffed slam last patch, too.
It actually does damage. Mystic Shot got
buffed, which is really nice. Uh, his
slam got buffed, which is nice. He flies
around the map and has one of the bests
for team for for uh he has a good early
game, a good mid game, and a good late
game. He has no weak points. He has a
lot of HP. He flies. He has good team
fighting, good 1v oneing. He's just a
really uh good hero. McInness. Okay,
McInness is actually broken though,
unironically. Like, you're going to hate
me for this, but this character is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. Like I thought she was
like really good. And then the new build
I've been playing is even better. You
can literally just go you can literally
just go all your points in your ult and
have top uh you can have you can
literally have maxed out you can
literally have a maxed out ult at a
first earn fight and just like this is
why okay for example for example okay
you might say well Dynamo's OP you stun
everyone and get a guaranteed earn.
Okay, so if Dynamo goes and gets a
six-man black a fiveman black hole on
the uh earn on 10 minutes, McInness can
literally just in in one frame kill the
Dynamo like her max is so insane. It
just insta nukes anybody on the earn to
the point where if they can test the if
they can test the earn, it's good.
Doesn't work in comp at all by the way.
That's not true at all. Graves is like,
okay, out of the two out of the two PVE
characters, McInness Graves, McInness is
like heavily mogging Graves. I literally
dropped 70k damage yesterday on McInness
playing on the Steam controller. That
shit's OP and it takes no skill.
McInness build is like way lower skill
than Graves. It's not even close. Like I
legit played on controller and drop top
damage first try. Like you legit just
drool on your keyboard and do like 1k
DPS cross map. There's no counterplay.
Graves has counterplay. McInness doesn't
have counterplay. Unironically, the
counterplay to McInness is like
irrelevant. Um Mina Mina seems to be
like pretty mid. I'm not going to lie. I
thought she would be a bit better. I
think she's a little bit underrated to
be honest with you, but I still think
she's decent. I still think she's like
around here. She's probably like, dare I
say, balanced maybe. I'm not convinced
though. I have not seen enough games on
Mina. I've not seen I have not seen
enough uh games personally, but I'm not
sure. I think there's potential, but
people have not been primate very high.
Uh Mirage. Okay, so here's the thing.
Here's the thing. Mina might be like
here. I'm not going to lie. Maybe.
Maybe. We'll see. Maybe I do that. Um,
let's see. Um, Mirage. Mirage is like
the best character in the game who
doesn't have an OP uh earn fight, if
that makes sense. If if if it wasn't an
earn meta, I I would put him here. He
didn't even get nerfed last patch and he
was OP. But since you have to take into
account how important EN is, I'll put
Mirage down here. But I do think that
like if if N was less important, this
character is actually giga broken. But
um
I don't know. He's not He's not bad.
Definitely not bad. Just like kind of a
single target hero in like an AoE meta.
I don't really know where even to put
Mo. I'm going to be honest with you. I
don't even know where to put him. Like
do do I put him like here? Like I don't
even know. Like he's not bad though.
Like he's not like bad. Is Prenup
Perplexity in chat? Where's my resident
mo and curl chatter? He's here. What do
you think? What What are your opinions?
What are your unbiased opinions? How
does Mo feel? You think he's high high
be low A? Here's what I'm thinking. I'm
lowkey thinking that I could see them
with this N, guys. I could see them
doing a change where I could see them
doing a change, right, chat, where they
make it to where N was like king of the
hill. I could see them doing like a
because a lot of people have suggested
this on Twitter. Like I could see them
doing it to where like if someone's in
the radius, you can't the earn doesn't
like complete. And if that happens, I
could see Mo and Curl stons going up cuz
like imagine Mo stacking his one over a
course of 20 seconds in Burrow type
thing. You know what I'm saying? Like
Scorn plus Burrow on the on the King of
the Hill would be crazy. Earn meta
aside, is the gap between the best and
the worst hero smaller than it was uh
last patch? Uh yes, Paige. Okay, so
here's what I want to know. Maybe I'll
play it myself, but why is Paige being
valued so low? I never see anyone
playing Paige. Competitive had zero page
picks. Nobody even dared to try it. I
think it's just because she's a victim
and there's Rem is a better page. Um I
want to I'm I'm not confident in my
placement. I'm going to put her low. She
might be sleeper, but I do kind of agree
with the sense that she's just um you
know, she's kind of like Rem except she
doesn't have the I frame heal escape.
Like when Rem gets dove, you can put
your two, you can put your two on a
Billy and full heal your Billy and then
not die. The problem is Paige just
explodes. Infernace is good and don't
LAR. Here's the thing, Infernace is
countered by every single top seven hero
in the game. So yes, while I agree it's
good, all his matchups are dog and in
turn I think it's lower. So that's just
my opinion. Maybe I'll move it up to
here for you, buddy. I mean, maybe he's
here then. I don't know. Maybe he's
here. That could be fine. Actually, I I
can see that actually. Paige, I don't
know about Paige. Like, I really want to
I want to know more. I want to know more
about Paige. I want to know more. I want
to know more about Paige. But for now,
I'm going to put her like down here. I
don't know. She's just like I Nobody
plays her in Hilo. It's like unplayed.
It's like fully unplayed. Completely
unplayed. I want to play I want to see
it more. Don't get mad at my placement
because I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. It was
completely unpicked in the tourney over
every game, every region. It was like
unpicked. Unplayed. I don't know what to
tell you. Oh, Paradox. This character is
like Ztier. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is like actually
turbo broken. I'm not going to lie. This
character is like turbo broken. Like
high key. The bomb. Yeah, the Okay, the
the bomb build on the bomb build on
Paradox is like actually giga giga giga
broken. Like it was it's first pickable
top damage in the highest highest
highest games ever. like alchemical fire
plus echo shard bomb like and being able
to swap somebody off of the earn
positioning. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is like giga mid
boss, giga mid boss, giga stall monster,
giga early game, giga mid game, gig giga
late game. Mystic shot buffs massive for
Paradox. Paradox feels like uh really
insane. Um, Pocket. Um, I'm pretty sure
in the tournament we watched over a
course of like 40 games, I think Pocket
was banned 38 times, and I think the two
games he wasn't banned, he was the best
character in the lobby by far. So, um,
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah.
This shit's just kind of broken. I'm not
going to lie. Affliction is just so
broken and everything is Why is Pocket
good? Just counter spell his ult. Okay.
Nice rage bait, bro. Yeah, Bomb Paradox
is like giga good right now. Bomb
Paradox was doing like 70k damage and in
in grand finals games in tournament. It
might be like this. I'm not going to
lie. Maybe something like this. Um maybe
like this. Um Rem Rem seems really good.
I'm not going to lie. Rem seems like
really good. I really like Rem's value.
I would put Rem in like high A. Like
you're not gonna like solo carry the
game, but Rem seems very good. Rem seems
just as strong as Dorman in my opinion.
Rem's got is good. I don't know what to
tell you. really uh really she's really
great. She she's really great team fight
healing now with the bouncing burst buff
and she her ult is great for team
fights. Her three is good for getting
wave pry before they're in fights. I
don't know what what is it, bro? I don't
what? It looks like a girl to me. I
don't tell you. I I really don't care. I
don't know. Don't really play much, but
this tier list makes it look like
everyone is broken. Well, I mean, you're
just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. I literally put
there's 10 characters on the bottom that
are unpickable garbage. So, I don't
really know what you're talking about,
but okay. Is seven should be good, but
is seven good? That's that's the that is
the question of the day. My philosophy
question. Seven should be good, but is
seven good? Okay, my hot take. I think
I'm going to put seven here. I think
he's good, but I I want to see I want to
see more. If I was in low elo, okay,
here's what I'm saying. If I Okay, say
if I was in archon elo, I would probably
play seven in in 1v12. Like if I was in
Phantom or below, I would I seven's
probably S+ tier. Always has been. But
in Eternis, it doesn't seem that fun to
play. Is actually good. Shiv is pretty
Shiv is still pretty broken. I'm not
going to lie. Shiv is still pretty
broken. I'll probably put Shiv like I
don't know, maybe like right here. He's
just so much damage. And like the new
Arctic Blast changes like I mean Shiv
getting like two double dashes on the N
just randomly spawns in like 8k damage.
Gist is still so broken. The earn is bad
for her. Agreed. This patch is insanely
biased towards the earn. And yes,
exactly. Didn't that put Mirage lower?
Yeah, that's how broken Mirage is.
Mirage is so broken that he does nothing
for the earn, but he's still up here. If
if N wasn't like important, Mirage is
literally this good. He's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken.
He's He's literally like just absolutely
giga broken, but like he's just not good
for the earn. That character is
disgustingly stupidly OP. My number one
out of all of the the things in the game
out of all Mirage was two and 13 though.
Yes, exactly. Because the earn is
because Yeah, exactly. What did I tell
you though? He Mirage was two and 13.
Exactly. Because he was proud too highly
and he does nothing for the earn. And
competitive is all about the earn.
Exactly. He still got picked 15 times
though. How many How many times How many
times did Mo get picked? How many times
did How many times did Mina get picked?
How many times did Drift Z000000
like three zero zero zero0000 You know
what I'm saying? So like Yeah. Like this
shit's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken, bro. It's one
tournament. No, no, shut up. You got No.
No. Shut up. Shut up. Mirage is OP. I
don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what anybody says.
Even in the games Mirage lost, he was he
was doing so much. The issue is he's not
AoE slop. My number one like biggest
surprise of the entire patch was the
fact that Mirage was not nerfed. That
was like my number one like like I read
the patch notes, Mirage didn't get
nerfed, and I sat there flabbergasted.
Like I I don't even know how that how
how did that like how did like anybody
read the patch and not get nerfed to
Mirage? I don't It blew my mind. Silver,
this hero is still just way too good.
This hero is still S. It's just way too
good. Way too much value. Still way too
good. Honestly, it's like actually
better than McInness. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is
really good. Unironically,
um, it's still really good. I think I
think Silver's like the second best tank
in the game. It's just so strong. So
much early value. So much so much
honestly whole game value. Silver is
just so good. Silver has like an
unusable laning phase, which is so
important in a game where like taking
your mid tower determines the outcome of
your game by a lot. Just like throwing
down a silver in mid lane and just
stomping your mid lane is so much value.
And that's not even it. She's strong.
Silver like Silver is like the best. I
don't even know how to describe it. She
just feels like the strongest hero at
minutes 5, 10, and 15, which is like
such a big deal. It doesn't even matter
that she's not AoE because she's like
she's like the face of your team. You
know what I'm saying? She's the face.
She's the person that's diving your
backline and one-shotting them and
winning every duel, which you still
technically need. Even though she's not
AoE, she's like the one hero you want on
your team that's not AoE. He just has so
much like impact. She's a DPS tank.
Billy's a control tank in a way. Yeah.
Sinclair. Sinclair is just like the
ultimate potential man. Sinclair is just
like I'm going to say it over and over
and over again. Without a draft, I don't
even know what to tell you. Without
Without a draft, Sinclair just feels
like you're coin flipping your games. I
don't know. He's too inconsistent to be
S tier. No, no, no. He's too
inconsistent to be S tier. You can load
into a game on any of the other heroes
in S tier and control your destiny and
dominate and carry the game. Sinclair,
there's a little bit of a question mark
there. Sinclair is crazy because
everyone's playing characters. I agree.
I agree entirely. I think he's great. Do
I think he's S tier? No. I think I think
he's A tier just because he has crazy
value on the earns and and things like
that. I agree. And also the fights in
mid lane do definitely benefit his
utility, right? Like having a bunny and
having your uh bolts and everyone
standing out in the open and they're
getting parried and things like that.
That's that's crazy value. I agree. Um I
agree. I I completely agree with you
guys. I think he's great. I don't think
he's S though. That's all I'm going to
say. I don't think he's S just because
of the fact that he's potential man. I
think he's very good though. Putting
someone in A doesn't mean they're bad.
It means they're great. The only heroes
that are like bad are D and C. Like A is
phenomenal still. I think he's really
good. Honestly speaking, I think he's
like really good. The higher elo you
get, the better the Sinclair's are, but
at the same time, the better people are
at playing against Sinclair. It's kind
of a two-way street. It's bad. No. My
reasoning for Sinclair being lower than
what you would expect is not because of
his individual strength. It's that a lot
of it has to do with um Okay, so I'll
explain it again. When you're playing a
character, you have to like think about
who you're going to play against. So, I
wish I could like overlay like play
rates, but if you look at play rates on
his direct counterparts, there's like an
80% chance you're in a bad Infernace
game. Does that make sense? There's like
an 80% chance you're playing a matchup
that's not favorable. So, by default,
he's not the best. But, he's like his
individual strength is fine. And it's
just the other strong heroes are good.
So it's like really every game's a
challenge. Sinclair is great, guys.
Sinclair being in middle of A tier
without a draft is good. That's like
high placement in my opinion. I will
never put him in like S when there's not
a draft. It's still coin flippy. You
load into a Sinclair game and they don't
have a draft. You're just like that's
like onetenth of your games are going to
be dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's just like it is what
it is. Ventor. Um honestly I'm a huge
fan of the Ventor grenade build. I'm a
huge fan. I'm not going to lie. I think
I'm a huge fan of that build. I think
he's phenomenal. I'm a I'm a really big
fan. I think Venador is like one of
those things where you would think he'd
be really weak because of uh you would
think Venador would be really weak
because of you know oh side laning blah
blah blah blah. No, but Ventor Ventor's
ultmax in the mid area very good.
Venadtor's grenade on mid boss very
good. Ventor's grenade hitting people
stacked on the earn builtin anti-heal
very good. I think it's great. I think
he's one of the better M1 carries in the
game right now. Like honestly, I I'd
probably rank him higher than Mirage
like or like probably around here. I
think he's great. I think he's great.
Definitely depends on the pilot.
Definitely depends on a lot of factors,
but I think he's great. Uh Victor, I
honestly Victor got nerfed chat, but I
think Victor is really good. Wait,
facts. Hold on. Wait, actually facts.
No, here we go. That's a great idea.
That was a phenomenal idea, Chatter.
Phenomenal idea. There we go.
You know what, guys? I am a big fan of
this fa hero. A big fan. Yeah. Of his
nade bill. I've known him for a long
time. And the they'll then anti-heal is
really really great for everyone. Facts.
Victor. Okay. I think Victor's good. I
think Victor's really good. He got
nerfed, but it's pretty LAR. It's pretty
LAR. Uh he's like a gun hero that's good
early. tempo, but Victor um Victor dying
on the earn is like a giga equalizer to
so many heroes. No, I'm telling you
chat, if your team controls the earn and
you die on the urn, this is like one of
those things that I'm talking about that
counters what you would think is OP. You
might think, well, wouldn't Dynamo be
the best hero in the game? And wouldn't
uh Kelvin be the best hero in the game?
You know what I'm talking about? Okay.
Well, Victor [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does crazy damage and
if he dies on the urn, you can't dynamo.
You can't you can't Kelvin dome. He
stuns everyone for 10 million seconds
and does like 800 damage AoE and then
everyone inside that area takes more
damage which amps your other AoE heroes.
That is actually sleeper S tier. It's
super good. Super super good. Super good
hero. Super high win rate. Super good
hero. You're really good at dying at
earn. So maybe I should play him. Facts,
bro. Try it. Yeah, you rush like 6.4k
gun spike early and then you pivot to
like improved reach and greens. I think
that's what I'm pretty sure people were
doing. It's hybrid. You start off like
all gun and then you and then you pivot
to like improved reach and like all that
kind of junk. You know what I'm saying?
Uh Vin Vin's pretty garbage, not going
to lie. Vin is just it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
those. I don't know to tell you. You'd
think it'd be better, but it's just like
all right. She's just a victim hero. You
would think she'd be better. Like you
you really think she would be, but like
come on, man. Like, does anyone here
want to play Vindicta into Lash Paradox
every game? Like, does anyone want to
play that? I don't. I think it's
miserable. Yeah, Vin's just junk. I
don't know what to tell you. I think
she's pretty junk. I'd probably put Vin
like here. It's like it has more utility
purposes than the other people for N,
but like it's just
&gt;&gt; Everybody is talking about what they did
to how bad that's how bad it is.
&gt;&gt; It's a disgrace, frankly, to use to be
tremendous. a beautiful lethal assassin,
the best in the game. Strong men would
come up to me with tears in their eyes
and they'd say, "Sir Calico."
&gt;&gt; Okay, Viscus. I I swear this hero is
garbage, too. Like, unironically, this
character got worse. You would think it
wouldn't be, but it's garbage. I I hate
fighting in mid lane on Viscus. It like
you're just so trash. Viscus fighting in
mid lane is like the worst terrain ever
for him. The earn fights last patch were
better for Viscus, but like come on,
man. Try like balling on top of the
bridge. Splatter does absolutely
nothing. The ball is still garbage. You
just die instantly. The the splatter
does nothing and the punch is still
parryable and everybody has rebuttal
more than rebuttal has the highest buy
rate this patch of any patch in the
entire game. So, they buffed his punch,
but everyone that's good has rebuttal.
So, then you actually just do more
damage to yourself. So, it's lowkey a
nerf if you think about it. Don't think
too hard. It's garbage. Um, where would
I put Viscus? Honestly, I think he's dog
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, I think he's actually dog
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think he's stinky dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I
would I would play vindictive over
Viscus for sure. I don't know what Cal
Okay, I don't know what Calico provides.
I I really don't know what to tell you.
What What the hell does Calico provide
to a team? I I personally don't see it
at all. You know, I'd probably just do
this actually. I'll probably do this.
Like, low key. Okay. Loki, I probably do
this maybe. Maybe this is correct. I
don't know. I don't even know. Maybe
this is more fair as a flowchart. Maybe
this is more fair. I'm not really like
in that much order. Doesn't really
matter. Any if it's in D, just don't
play it, man. I don't know what to tell
you. Is this an overall tier list or an
earn runner tier list? I don't know what
to tell you, big guy. The entire game is
the earn right now. So tell you, uh
Viper Viper's hella good. I'm going to
be honest with you. I think Viper um as
long as Viper doesn't get random drafted
into Lash Billy, I think he's S tier in
a way, but since there's that variance,
I'll probably put him like here. But I
think Viper is really good. Honestly, I
think Viper's like really good. Like he
might Yeah, it was probably S actually.
One of the really great things about
Viper is how uh how how good he is early
and his ult is really really valuable on
earn. Like really valuable. So that's
good. Warden, he's a pretty big loser
this patch. Hit up Metro for real. Hit
up Metro. I don't want to get copyright
strike, though. I'm actually really
scared. I'm gonna be honest. Yo, so what
do you think about Warden this patch,
bro? What are you thinking? What are you
thinking?
&gt;&gt; Uh, I mean, he was actually dog shit's
last patch, but now it's even worse
because Yoshi thinks that his gun damage
is a good idea when it honestly was
terrible. I mean, met me met me met me
met me met me met me met me met me met
me met me skin exists. He has no AoE
nuking. Um, it's just trash. I don't
know. It was terrible last patch. Now
it's F tier. probably the worst hero in
the game, honestly. It's like barely
better than Viscus, maybe, but Viscus is
still a spirit nuker, so I don't know.
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, Wraith. Wraith seems actually
chill. Pretty good, actually. Wraith is
one of those heroes that um genuinely
feels good. Wraith was doing phenomenal
in comp. Wraith was doing phenomenal in
pubs. Uh like just Wraith is one of
those things that like you might like
Wraith is really good at Wraith is
really uh the best carry at getting rid
of AoE slop. Like Wraith is one of the
heroes that like for example a Ricochet
Wraith makes Graves unplayable. Like you
play you play Ricochet Wraith and you're
just feeding Wraith cards over like over
and over again against Graves. It's like
in team fights just deletes everything
Graves puts down and it's giga damage
late and it's AoE damage. It's kind of
good. I think Wraith is like very good.
Wraith is probably unironically like
actually like really good. Probably like
up here honestly. I think Wraith's
really good. Really good actually. Best
M1. Uh
I guess I think Viper's a Yeah, I guess.
I think Viper I mean if you're better at
the game Viper I think is a little bit
better but like depends on the draft.
But yeah, I think I I think Wraith is
good. Quick question. Does Ricochet hit
McInness turret? Yes. But McInness
turrets aren't actually the problem with
McInness. You might think it's the
turrets, but it's it's low-key a little
bit not the turrets, but it's like the
turrets are like the third most broken
spell. Like the ult on McInness is why
she's good. It's not the turrets. The
turrets are counterable. The problem is
trying to counter the turrets and the
it's too much. Yeah, Yamato is good. I
don't care what anybody says. This hero
is good. Yamato 2 giving 40 spirit is so
stupid. Yamato's in pro games were
literally not even buying purple items.
Yamato gets 40 spirit for free and
spirit per boon that the Yamato were
legit going 4.8k 8k gun spike, 4.8k
green spike, and still doing 10
bajillion damage with the one. The
funniest part of Yamato is um for the
most of Deadlock's existence, her spirit
scalings were below two. Nowadays, okay,
so back in the day, her one would be
like a like a like a 1.9 or something or
1.8. Now it's a 2.1 at level one and
then it goes to a 2.6 and you get 40
spirit for free with no like almost no
investment. Like damn, bro. This just
randomly does like 700 damage. Then you
get tankbuster and reverb, it's like
1,300 damage. And she has invulnerable,
which is like giga good for the earn
fights. Yamato is like so strong on earn
to be honest. It's pretty good early
game. I I'm honestly Yamato is like
super good. I'd probably put Yamato in
uh let's see.
Yeah, for sure. Anyway, have a chat. Say
goodbye to the YouTube frogs. Say
goodbye.
Say hi. Any shout outs?