All right, everyone say hi YouTube.
Let's focus up, okay?
&gt;&gt; Yo, what's going on YouTube? It's your
host Vegas. Coming along is duo with
Metro.
&gt;&gt; Yo, what's going on, guys? It's really
good to be here. Just kidding, I hate
this game. I'm quitting.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's go. Abrams, S plus. Abrams
is with one of those heroes that if you
don't over fight and you can just get to
your max APs, like his his APs are
really good. Like his max one and max
two are so strong. This hero at like 25
minutes just actually 1 v 6 isn't team
fights. It's in comp MM MM with a bias
to high elo, obviously. Can't really
control that. Well, try my best. But
Abrams is just really strong. I think at
any elo Abrams could be top five. He's
just so good. As soon as you get all
your items online, like you just go with
like the witch mail e-shift late game g-
g. He feels so broken past 30.
Especially if you have a support. If you
have a rem on your team and you're fed
on Abrams, it's just so unkillable. You
can just run around and 2 v 6 with like
50k healing each at least. It's actually
broken. Um Apollo, I'm going to go with
B for Apollo. I think it's situationally
strong, but usually it's weaker than the
average. Like I think it's solid. It's
just a little bit weaker than the
average, but it's not like unplayable or
anything. It's in the game. It's not OP.
It is what it is. It's a character. It's
a character that exists. Bebop, I would
probably say the same category. I think
Bebop is playable. You don't look at a
Bebop and say that's a free kill. The
character's trash, but you don't look at
a Bebop and run for your life anymore.
You know what I'm saying? I feel like
it's uh whatever. It's balanced. Billy,
this character's OP. I don't know which
one I think is better. I think Abrams
might be better. Dorman in F, it's worse
than racism. That's facts. That is
facts. What up, Juicer? If you want to
play after this, let me know or
whatever. Halico, I would say Halico's
A. Halico's consistent. It's all right.
I don't think she's broken at all. The
buffs definitely helped her like be
playable. I think Halico's better than
Apollo, but I don't think she's OP or
anything. Celesti, uh
I don't know, man. I don't think
Celesti's consistent and I don't think
she's OP. I think I have to put her in
this category. I do think she's good,
but it's just like it's definitely not
consistent. You cannot call this
consistent. This character's one of the
most inconsistent. If you have a good
pilot, like it can be really good. But
like definitely have a lot of people in
my games that are just not impactful in
the hero. Dorman, this character is
legit broken unironically. Always has
been.
Uh the noobs lower the heroes win rate
by playing the stupid like Joe Chuck
kidnap build.
Uh but the reality is if you just play
DPS on this hero, it is just un
counterable. Some of the best utility in
the game and does crazy damage. It's
consistently meta defining. Drifter, uh
I'd say same thing. Drifter's definitely
okay. Let's see, Listic thinks it's dog
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think it's playable. I wouldn't
say consistent. I would probably say top
of B. I really enjoy Drifter. If you're
good at Drifter, I think it's good, but
definitely cannot call that consistent.
I'm not trying to get Drifter buffed.
Listen, pal. In my opinion, everything
in B tier is balanced and the things
that are in S and S plus should go down.
I think the individual agency of heroes
in this game is too high at the high
level. I think that the the bottom half
of heroes are balanced and I think the
top half are overtuned. The power level
should go down, not up, in my opinion.
Dynamo, I don't think Dynamo's bad. I
just think people I don't know where to
put Dynamo. I would probably say there.
Dynamo's good. He's not one V sixing or
anything. He's been giga nerfed. His
items have been giga nerfed. He's not a
bad hero by any means. When the worst
player on your team is on Dynamo, you're
hella happy, you know? When you load
into a game and like your chud is on
Dynamo, you're so happy. You can legit
just dominate games because your stupid
chud gets a game winning all. I would
way rather have my worst player on my
team be on Dynamo instead of like any
other hero in the game. I never feel
like a Dynamo on my team is throwing
ever. I can't say the same about like
half the heroes in this game. Uh Graves
is lit literally dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know
what to tell you. This character might
be playable like under Arcon or some
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is just so trash. It
is actually just disgusting. It's
actually garbage, genuinely. It was so
inflated by the old urn
that now that the old the old urn is
gone and it got nerfed like three times,
it's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bad, it's insane.
Genuinely disgusting. Great Talon, S for
sure. Not S plus, in my opinion. I think
S though.
He was S plus, nerf spring him down to
S.
I think he's really good.
Definitely a meta defining like top
eight hero. He has good movement now and
he has a lot of damage. It is what it
is.
Cross-map execute, very good. Tanks are
meta, cross-map execute, very strong.
Billy has 6K HP, GT can execute him at
1,800 HP.
So, very good value.
One of the best ways. Haze, bruh. Um
I think Haze is a weird one because they
just need to rebalance her kit because
she's a really fun character and then
they made it to where it's just an old
bot.
And it's kind of cancer to play against
and it's not fun to play. So, they kind
of ruined the hero cuz it did have a fun
gameplay loop.
But now it's just weird. For example, uh
X and I were playing and we were
dominating this game, but then there was
one Haze and my teammates were just bad.
And like two of our teammates would
randomly get picked before every
possible objective and I can't really
control that. We're sitting there
telling them not to get picked and it's
just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] noob stomper a hero
that's really annoying to play against.
Cuz even if I know how to play against
it, if your MM teammates are getting
picked for every objective, it's so
annoying.
And the thing is, there's not even
counterplay. You can't even say
Indomitable is counterplay because you
just sleep dagger the Indom and then
curse and then you one-shot them.
Like after 20 minutes, Haze can just
free kill anyone in the game if you're
not 6v6.
Which is really annoying. And if you
don't have a comp that's good at 6v6 but
you're forced to 6v6 because of Haze,
that's really unfortunate.
And it's not fun to play either
comparatively to how it used to be.
I I would say situationally good, but I
don't think it's that good. You know
what I'm saying?
You'd be better playing other things,
but it's like it's annoying to play
against sometimes, but most of the time
it's a
Like it can be situationally good. Like
it has a place in the game for sure.
It's just like
it takes a lot of skill and if that it
takes a lot of skill unironically to
like play in the highest elos and play
really well on it. And if that level of
player was just playing most other
heroes in the game, they'd be doing a
lot better.
I I guess it it takes skill until curse
and then it takes no skill. I don't know
how to describe that. I don't know if
that makes any sense to anybody. But
Haze pre-curse does take skill and you
cursed and then no then then no skill.
All day this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is actually hit
That character is so broken
unironically.
If I literally could bring up Someone
bring up the quote for my last tier list
where I said Holiday's not that bad and
they're going to over buff her and she's
going to be broken. I think Drifter's
better than Hayes. I play both of them.
I think Drifter's better on average.
Drifter is better from behind than Hayes
is from behind. Hayes from behind is so
useless.
Hayes from ahead is really broken.
But, that's not consistent. In Furnace,
I don't actually know where to put In
Furnace. Maybe consistent in A.
I feel like he's okay. He's There's
nothing like wrong with the hero.
I think he's fine.
I probably like above here, honestly.
I think In Furnace is balanced.
Isn't Calico from behind the ass? Yeah,
but she her early game's a lot stronger
now. So, it's like a good Calico player
can be ahead almost every game. You know
I don't know. Maybe it's biased. I don't
know. I think Calico's fine. It's good.
Calico can be really Calico is like
Hayes but better.
Another thing that you don't really talk
about with Calico is how much gold she
gets from that's not on the map. Like
for example, in an ideal world if you
had a perfect comp where you had like
Venator, Billy, right?
And then Calico as like a position three
or four hero.
Calico is staying competitive stat-wise
without taking any farm from the
carries, which is actually valuable.
Um Ivy? I think Ivy's good. I think
Ivy's like fine. I think I would say
consistent. I would say Ivy's like just
a solid ass hero.
It's probably
Like hot take, Ivy might be the most
balanced she's ever been.
The only thing that Ivy is annoying to
me, I don't like the Echo Shard Stone
build, but Indomitable did kind of like
give some counterplay to that. I don't
like HMC canceling on Ivy 3. I think
it's kind of a cringe mechanic.
Um and I also think that um
her old cooldown is too low. Other than
that, it's a balanced hero.
Also, she doesn't need three stamina.
There's what Okay, here's the thing. If
you're going to bring Ivy down if you're
going to nerf Ivy, you have to nerf one
thing. You either remove HMC on on her
stone form, you remove you make it to
where stone form is slow heck, or you
increase the old cool down. And then
she's balanced. I think she needs to
lose one of those things. Have three
stamina instead of four stamina. He's
got a little bit too many like unique
passives. What is A canceling? It's when
you do this. It's when you use this. Use
melee charge. You go to melee this guy
and then you do that. And the guy uses
his parry and then you melee him again
and then you echo shard and then you
melee him again. It's like bro, like
come on, bro. Like grow up. Just
annoying. It's a mechanic that that used
to be in the game and they removed it on
purpose but left it on Ivy and like one
of the hero or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kelvin, a dude
I don't think Kelvin's that good. Am I
tripping? I feel like he's situationally
good but you would always be in a better
position to play Rem. Maybe maybe bottom
A.
I think no, like
he is consistent, that's true. The thing
is it's like yeah, you're right. It's A.
Um it's just the problem with Kelvin is
you could just be playing Rem
and you'd be like 30,000 times more
valuable or Viscus.
So, playing Viscus or Rem would be
30,000 times more valuable as a support
than playing Kelvin. It's kind of just
like like there's no point.
There's only two good supports and
Kelvin's like the third so it's like
Geist
I don't even think Geist is bad. I think
it's much of a lark.
But it is what it is.
I would say Geist is consistent as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I would say Geist is consistent. It's
just like
it's the classic gameplay loop of even
if you go 06 in lane, you can just AFK
farm on Geist and be a very strong side
laner. And her ult is one of the most
like it's one of the best spells in the
game unironically.
She just has good value. Yeah, she can't
be B. I agree.
She just has so much I don't know she's
so tanky. Lash, I would say Lash is good
as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but not OP. Lash is pretty
balanced. I'll say top of A.
I feel like this tier list is kind of
like
I feel like all the bad heroes were at
the start kind of. I feel like these are
heroes are all like S tier at the
bottom. Maybe I'm tripping.
Maybe. Um McGinnis, I don't even know
where to start with this hero.
I would probably put McGuinness here.
I don't even know. It's just kind of
annoying, but it's not OP.
It's just like weird. I don't know it's
a movement like movement is so
important. She has [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] movement and
like I don't know, man. It's just like
RNG. I don't know how to say I don't
know I don't know I don't know. It's
like okay. He's okay. Like I I don't
know. I don't think it's very good.
Mina, I would say here. I think Mina and
Celeste are pretty similar.
I think Mina's playable.
It's not OP or anything though.
Mirage, I'd probably put Mirage like
maybe here. I think he's really good.
The Echo Shard Tornado and Scarab buffs
were actually giga. Yeah, I hate the
Mirage Tornado build so much, bro.
Mirage is a good character, for sure. I
just think he requires like a little bit
of like game sense to play properly. But
if you know like the the routine, he's
strong.
If you know like where to be on the map
and which like how to side lane across
map from earn and always be at the right
earn and never give up your side lanes.
Uh and know how to like position and
like you know what I'm saying? There's
some nuance. Like the character itself
is easy, but there is a lot of like
little micro thing micro things that if
you know, you know.
And then I think he becomes stronger.
Yeah, I think like a lot of the M1
heroes in this game like to like
snowball taking solo walkers early and
having a Mirage kind of denies that like
hella hard. Mo, I think Mo's fine.
I don't even know like nobody like plays
this hero, man.
I I don't think it's bad. I don't think
it's good though.
It's just like whatever.
I don't even know where to put him.
I think it's fine. It's balanced. He
does his job and he's not super OP.
Paige, oh well, I forgot about Paige.
Bro, we haven't had a tier list with
Paige not at the bottom in so long.
I think Paige is good.
Mainly because like I it's probably
actually better than Kelvin, I
genuinely.
She just has it's a meta where laning
matters a little bit more than before
and depending on her lane match-ups,
Paige can have a giga good lane.
Like I think for example, Paige enables
the OP heroes really hard.
Like if you pair up a Paige with a
Billee and Abrams like early game and
get them ahead, they can take over the
game like indirectly.
Page is like the second best character
like enabling those those characters.
Page plays historically one of the best
lanes in the game. Same thing should
with Abrams. It's It's just really good.
Um Paradox, I would say consistent.
I think Paradox is consistently strong.
He's never bad in any patch really to be
honest. It's just It's solid.
I think Abrams is
here.
I'm being
Loki is probably like there.
I think Billy is better.
Why isn't Apollo last? He's not that
bad, man.
Pocket, uh this character is broken.
Maybe here.
I should have more characters in S. I
would still rather have these heroes on
my team, but Pocket's up there, too. In
comp, yeah, he's like up here, but like
it genuinely and like even in E6, his
win rate is not that good.
I agree it's broken, but like I'm pretty
sure this hero and not that win rates
mean everything, but I don't know if I
can call this hero as broken as some of
the others. Like look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I'm pretty sure win rates are not even
that good.
Yeah. Pocket has a 45.9 on E4 plus in
this week. Like that cannot be S plus.
He does have the thing where um if you
look at Where's the stat that showed
here? Look.
Total boost. If you have more than 250
games played, you get an 8% win rate on
average with Pocket.
That makes sense? Like by definition in
any Elo, your win rate goes up with
games played the most, which like it
technically means if he's a 47% win rate
hero, but you have 250 games on him,
he's he's really high win rates.
Which is kind of how what I feel like.
I have like a 500 games in this hero,
and I think he's OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But if you
don't have 500 on him, people don't
perform that well on him.
But I do think Pocket's broken.
I don't know where I want to put him
though. I don't know how many heroes I
want to put in S plus.
I feel like technically I could put all
of these in S plus, but I have nothing
here, so it feels weird.
I feel like I have to fill something
I don't know. He definitely could be
here though. He probably is, honestly.
I'll put it there for now. I might
change it. Rem, oh this character is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. I I genuinely think Billy
Rem are the two best heroes in the game.
If you get those two on your team, the
game is over, bro.
Hard to tell you.
If you get Billy Rem or Abrams Rem, if
you get Billy Abrams Rem on your team,
the game's over.
Um, I might just put this here. I don't
know. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know, man.
Seven?
I would I think Seven's consistent.
I don't think he's broken anymore after
the gun nerfs, but I think he's
consistent. I would probably put Seven
like uh slightly better than Infernos,
maybe, and then I'd probably change
Calico here.
I think Seven's good. Seven's just one
of those things that
he's Yeah, Seven is probably one of the
best heroes in the game to just solo
queue and get high win rates.
Cuz it doesn't matter how bad your team
is, his farming speed is so fast that
you can like Seven has objectively the
fastest clear speed in the game. So,
like technically, if your team is bad,
Seven has the fastest farm in the game
to make make it up yourself.
Technically.
Seven is objectively faster at all elos.
Seven is faster than Infernos, 100%.
You can also look at the data on that.
Seven has the most average souls per
game across all ranks in the game.
Shiv, uh this character is very strong
and meta-defining. Um, there's a lot of
really strong spirit heroes right now,
and Shiv is a tank with mobility and
infinite spirit shred, which is giga
value. This is very meta-defining and
very good.
Shiv playing Shiv is also one of those
skill diffs, yes. Shiv is the same thing
where like Shiv playing with a Rem is
giga value.
Like Rem When Rem is OP, all of these
tanky-ish heroes are really good.
Cuz Rem has percent max HP heal.
So, all these like all these like kind
of tanky characters they just get like a
2,000 heal from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from, which is so
good.
Wait, pause. Silver, uh this character
is still actually OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I'd probably put Silver up here still.
Yeah. Don't even I I I don't want to go
into it. Silver is
uh Silver is just unfortunately
one of the best kits in the entire game.
And since she has two sets of abilities,
you would think that they're like
slightly weaker than other heroes, but
they're not. Her abilities are very good
on both sides. She just has amazing
spells. We did the math the other day.
If you go through her spells and look at
all the the hidden stats she gets, it's
insane.
She has so many free items on her on in
her game and in her kits. Like she gets
like inhibitor, free shred, free slowing
hacks, you know what I'm saying? Free
heals.
I mean, like for example, when you get a
kill in Yamato alt, you get like 2
seconds added to the alt. When you get a
kill in Silver alt, you get 15 seconds
left.
So like I don't know what's the
disconnect there, but someone's smoking
crack.
Um Sinclair, I would say situationally
good. I will never put Sinclair that
high until there's draft in the game.
It's just RNG. If there's if the if you
get a OP draft, yeah, he can be S tier.
If you don't, yeah, he's not. So it is
what it is. You and I won't put him in
consistent either cuz there's no draft
and it's not consistent, but I think
he's fine.
You can you can win games on Sinclair.
Do I think he's OP? No. Well, like he's
OP, but it's RNG. So if you play him 100
games, is it OP then? No. If you play
him one game and they have Graves,
Dynamo, Lash, Pocket, yeah, he's OP, but
that's RNG as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, so Sinclair
will get nerfed Giga when there's draft,
for sure.
Uh Venator, I think Venator is very
strong. I'd probably put Venator like up
I think Venator is just like one of the
best He's just so tanky, he's so strong.
Venator is like like there's so many
tanks in the meta that you need these
high DPS There's so many like uh strong
tanks that Spirit in reality Spirit
burst damage cannot justifiably kill
these heroes at late game, right? Like
in like with Pocket being an exception,
if you have a strong gray talent and a
strong holiday and all the like you
know, even Calico and all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if
they have 5,000 HP on Billy, Rem,
Abrams, Shiv, like no one's dying. So
having a really strong built-in
anti-heal uh
like basically true damage hero, it's
just what it's the best character at
it's the best AD character at dealing
with all of the slop.
He just has so much. Okay, do you want
to know the key differences between
Infernus and Venator, Venator's damage
is not dispellable and Infernus' damage
is dispellable and Abrams can have
dispel magic and Rem can have divine
barrier and you can get cleansed it
twice.
And on top of that, Infernus has less
than 2,000 HP cap less than a Venator.
Venator caps out at like 5.5k, Infernus
caps out at like 3.5k.
So, I mean just objectively, this hero
has more damage and double HP almost.
It's ridiculous.
Venator doesn't really get metal skins
though
because you pivot to grenade build late
game on on Venator and it does so much
damage and shreds still through metal
skin. It's not that big of a deal.
Uh Victor I think this hero is really
I might put him at the bottom of S. Is
he getting picked in comp? I didn't
watch this week, but I swear he's good
still.
I still think he's good.
Rank one Victor player says good take,
so that's based. I still think he's
He's a lot more counterable in
competitive like yeah, I agree, but I'm
not talking about competitive always,
you know what I mean? The reality is
99.9%
of people aren't playing comps, so who
gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
But it is like a it's it's a partial
tell.
But at the end of the day, I think this
character is really good for solo
carrying.
This character is like the seven tank
equivalent. Does that make sense?
I don't know how to describe it. He
farms really fast for a tank and you can
solo carry kind of like seven but for a
tank. I don't know I don't know. He's
really good. One of the best like the
best ways to snowball a pub game and
take over is to farm fast then take a
solo walker with your gold lead and
Victor does that really well. Vin uh I
think this character is dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I
think Vin is like one of the worst tiers
in the game for sure. It's
uh when I see a Vin on my team, I think
we lost every time. Character is
garbage.
It's the It's the number one victim hero
in the game.
It's just trash.
It's the easiest counter in the game.
It's the easiest hero to counter in the
game. It's just you just get walked down
like a dog. It's garbage. Even if a
Vindicata is fed, you like bro, the
tanks in this game counter the flyers.
So, I I even know like I I don't know I
don't want to get into it. I'm going to
freak the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out.
Solo queuing Vindicta is I would rather
not play the game. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and ball
torture.
It's one of those things that it would
be playable without draft, though. Or
with draft. Does that make sense?
When you load into a game and I wait in
a 15-minute queue on Vindicta and I load
into the game and the enemy team has
Holiday, Lash, Gray Talon, and Yamoto,
like dude, can I FF, please?
Like I just auto lose the game. I don't
want to play anymore.
Anyway, like I said, every character in
this game is kind of playable, but it
just like I said, you'd always be better
playing something else and I stand by
that. I think it's trash.
Um same thing, Viscus is he's OP in
terms of support [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Playing this
character support is just he enables
these OP heroes so well. It is what it
Tank plus Rem plus Viscus, etc. equals
OP. Unfortunately, the most fun builds
about Viscus are the lowest skill ones.
The lowest skill build for Viscus is
cube support. The highest skill builds
are are not playable.
Which is what everybody thinks. It's
just cringe. Viper, Viper is one of
these heroes that I swear is good, but
also at the same time I think I would
rather kill myself than play Viper
against any of these top heroes in the
game.
I would rather not be alive than play
Viper against Billy Holiday doorman. But
if there was draft, I think Viper would
be S. But and you like okay, here's the
thing. You know what?
I want to put it in S or A,
but now it's in like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Viper's good.
Viper's really good.
I swear it's OP in a way. But then now
I'm mad because if I put it in A, then
I'm saying it's consistent, but it's
kind of not consistent.
Because you
Whatever, man. I think it's OP. I swear
it's good.
I'm putting it here. I don't give a
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think it's good.
Okay, but it's not Okay, the thing is
it's not B, but it's also not consistent
and it's not meta-defining, either. So,
now I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like I these categories
don't make any sense for how I This
character doesn't it's an exception.
I'm going to put these heroes here.
I think it's the same thing. Honestly,
these are like all the all these heroes
are like the exact same. It's like so
weird. Like I know I just speedran that.
But all these carries are the exact same
thing. They're all they're all good and
they're all not that bad, but they're
all just like
What did I just do?
I don't know how to describe it. They're
all good, but they're not I don't know.
They're all balanced.
None of them really stand out to me
except for Revenant.
In my opinion, I think Wraith is
balanced. I think Warden's pretty
balanced. I think Mirage is like
annoying, but he is balanced. I think
Viper's really good. But like none of
them shine as much as Revenant on
average. Um Yamato?
Um we'll rank Yamato this time. I know I
usually don't rank Yamato. I'll I'll
rank Yamato this time.
We will will do Yamato.
That's Yamato.