Let me stand up here. Let's do it. You
have been asking for a while. All
righty. Where do we think Abrams is? I
feel like Abrams is great right now. I
don't think Abrams is OP right now. I
think it's one of those things that
he'll never be below B. Never be below B
just because of he's a very tanky hero
with a lot of CC. I'm probably going to
end up putting him here at the top of B.
Not that he's bad by any means. Very
good hero, but I'm probably going to end
up putting him in top of B. I don't know
if he's like A tier in terms of like
really really really really strong like
probably nerfed all heroes, but he's
like he's probably the strongest hero
that doesn't need nerfs. Type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Let's see. Yeah, we're summoning a
balance patch. We are summoning a
balance patch. Um
Apollo, A for Apollo. Apollo is one of
the strongest lanes in the game. Not
that lanes matter the most, but his lane
is so strong that it does matter. Very
his his two, probably one of the best
spells in the game. Killing this
character is possible. It just requires
so much at one time. To get through an
Apollo with like restorative locket and
dispel magic and his two every 8
seconds. Very difficult. He does a good
amount of damage. Like a very very very
solid meta spirit hero. There's not that
many spirit heroes that are like meta
meta, but he's like one of the core
supports. You're always happy to have
Apollo on your team. Uh Bebop, I think
gun Bebop is very good. I don't know
that I'd go as far to put it in like S.
It's probably like above Apollo. I'm
probably going to say top of A. I don't
think this hero I don't think you can
say it's better. I don't want to over
exaggerate how good it is. Like it is
very good. I just don't think that it's
going to be I don't think you can
compare a Bebop to some of the other
heroes we'll cover. Very strong. I love
the gun the gun build is very good.
Don't build spirit. If you're building
spirit, don't do spirit. The gun build
is very strong. A lot of CC. Stuns. Lock
down. Yeah, the last three times we've
done this has been a patch in like three
days or something. We're summoning a
patch. Billy, I feel like Billy is B for
Billy. Billy is good, but Billy is I
don't know. I don't know how to say it.
He's not bad. No tank is bad. He's just
not like overwhelmingly like you don't
load into a game and say they've got
Billy we lost. You know what I'm saying?
It's a player diff not a hero diff. Like
he's around the same level as Abrams to
me. A consistently strong tank, but not
like, you know, he's not a meta-defining
hero, but he fits into the meta just
fine. He's fairly strong, not like
terrible. But it's one of those things,
yeah, like like Offset said, um
it's overshadowed by Silver being
stronger in the same role. If Silver's
not in your lobby and you have Billy,
then it shines, kind of thing. Calico, I
think Calico's bad. I think Calico has
really struggled ever since every single
person in the game got like so much more
HP and spirit armor over time, and also
mobility that makes like like she's
really relying on her two now. And
there's a lot more aerial mobility
characters out of the last batch of six,
and people have more HP and more spirit
armor than before. So,
she doesn't really have enough damage to
one combo people anymore, which was kind
of her identity. Even when ahead, you
don't have enough damage to one combo,
which doesn't like that's not that's not
good enough. There's plenty of spirit
heroes that can actually one combo you
with the same She doesn't have any CC.
Like like you're never picking Calico
over Amira. You're never picking Calico
over you know an Apollo. It's like the
one of the worst, if not the worst,
spirit assassin. Like genuinely probably
dareworthy. I I might like I D tier I
think is fair because it's I think it's
the worst in slot of that role. Like
there's not a single worst spirit hero
in the game than Calico, I don't think.
You could argue C. C's fine, but maybe
I'll do D. I I I really don't think
Calico's good. I think characters that
are like they don't have When when a
character doesn't have a stun in their
kit and they don't have like crazy
mobility, they need to do damage, and
especially when they're ahead. If you
remember three months ago when Calico
was ahead, the game's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over, man.
Like you guys know what I'm talking
about? When Calico was ahead six months
ago, three months ago, GG. You lost that
you're getting one-shotted off cool
down. It's like playing a horror game. I
have never felt like that against a
Calico a single time this patch. I'm not
saying that was good for the game. I'm
just saying don't think it's good at
all. No stuns, no map pressure, no kill
potential, bad. I don't know where I
want to put Celeste. I haven't seen
Celeste do very good. I I don't want to
put Celeste in a bad tier, but uh I
mean, just because of lack of
information, I'm going to have to go B.
Cuz I don't know I don't know if she's
see I'm It's one of those things where
if I had to think it might be C right
now, but I'm sure there's people just
need a little bit of time to play her
and she'd be right back up to B or A. I
don't think she's bad. I don't think she
needs buffs. I think they need to give
these heroes a little bit of time. Cuz
like the amount of mobility and like she
has can't be like it's not a bad hero.
It can't be. Not a bad hero. There's no
way it's below B ever. I I'd be really
surprised if she was actually like S
tier. There's no way. I think like a lot
of these heroes like Celeste they're
like one meta change away from being
strong again. Does that make sense? If
lanes mattered more and people had
slightly less starting HP or something
and lanes became like a more of a big
deal or early game became more of a big
deal and some of the spirit resistance
items got nerfed, you could easily see
Celeste go from B to S with like one
minor change. Like you guys get what I'm
saying? There's better spirit heroes
than Celeste right now. That's the
problem. I would say Celeste fits into
the same role as It might sound weird to
you guys, but I think Celeste fits into
the same role as Shiven Mina. I know it
doesn't make sense maybe, but Shiven
Mina like outshine this hero like in
every way and they're very similar
playstyles. I like high mobility
frontline engage. Like I know it doesn't
sound right, but yes, Celeste and Mina
are frontline engage. They're frontline,
but then they go back to backline. They
peel. You know what I'm saying? Like
Mina, Celeste, and Shiver are like the
same archetype in a way. The way they
actually play out in the game, they're
similar. And like Shiven Mina are like a
10 times better. Dorman, I think this
hero is broken. Like actually. Like I'm
not I'm trying to be provocative. This
hero is actually broken. I I genuinely
it's probably like up here. It's
probably like around the same strength
as Apollo Dorman I would say. Apollo
Bebop. It's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. It It
does take skill in a way to like I don't
want to say it's like SS because like
there's no way There's no way you can
say Dorman's better than like Viper,
right? There's just no way. But like or
Vender. But Dorman is just about as
strong as you can get without being
hotfix worthy nerf like nerf worthy.
Very good though. Dorman can do the same
amount of damage a lot of the other
spirit characters with like bigger
utility. I think the bell build is
actually good. I think a lot of people
kind of like got like distracted by like
the Joe Chuck like Walker build, but
it's actually bad. When I started
playing Bell, I realized how much damage
this character outputs. And then once
you realize how much damage he outputs
and how strong he is, you can just use
the utility to stay ahead in gold and
and and just do really risky plays to
create pressure on the map and just have
your kit up permanently like like for
free. You just run around and invade
with your door up and then you you one
shot people. If it goes bad, you're out.
Instead of just like Dormann is an o- an
offensive hero, not a defensive hero.
People have been playing it defensively
like on and try and shove them under
your Walker, but if you pivot backwards
and like build I like atomize more of it
as a carry and play him offensively, he
can be very strong. You combo like a
Dormann and a Moze and Krul invading
your jungle is so much map pressure. Uh
Drifter, I don't think Drifter is bad at
all. Drifter is not bad at all. Um I
used to think Drifter is bad. He's not
bad though. I think Drifter is good.
Drifter is I'd probably rate Drifter
like here. I don't think he's bad. He
actually does a good amount of damage.
Probably not as valuable as Celeste just
because he doesn't have he doesn't
really I guess he kind of has CC because
of his ult you could say of CC in a way,
but like he doesn't have I don't know. I
think he's good. He's very playable.
Doesn't really need nerfs. I think he
needs adjustments. I I I don't know
about you guys, but I think Drifter
should go back to being melee on one. I
think melee build on one was the funnest
part of Drifter and they took it away
and that's what everybody who plays the
hero thinks as well that I know. They
were kind of ruined that character's
like fun thing, but that's kind of lame.
Like he's not bad, but he's just not as
fun to play as he used to be. Like the
spirit on one change was just a really
bad idea. I think melee was just more
fun. He lost his identity. Uh Dynamo, I
I Dynamo is actually S tier. Dynamo is
genuinely S tier and like it just is.
Like his two is such a good ability. His
one is such a good ability. His one is
really good against the meta characters,
which is a really big thing. Like for
example, Venedir, I mean turn on
Venedir, Viper and Infernus are like two
of the I think Viper and Infernus are
actually the two highest win rate E6
heroes in the last like 14 days. And he
does deal with them very well. You have
cleanse AOE on two and you have one
knock ups over and over again that
counter Viper and Ash and furnace. Like
it's it's a giga valuable thing to have
and just hard CC. And we're in a meta
where like M1 carries are like super
important and Dynamo is always the X
Factor that you can just basically force
enemy carry to buy Unstoppable or
actually just solo black hole them and
kind of just like neutralize the carry
being okay aspect. Like I think
Dynamo's like the equalizer I think.
Graves hero's dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I Graves is
literally dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I called it in my
last tier list before the patch even
happened. It's just
The issue with Graves is they can't buff
the one because the noobs don't
understand how to play against it. You
can also just wall bounce over the
zombies and take zero damage. So high
elo players there's just zero
effectiveness. And then the only builds
that were viable on Graves were doing
most of your damage with toxic bullets.
And then the summoner build was like
kind of okay with echo shard but then
they nerfed echo shard and toxic bullets
and this hero lost like everything. A
lot of the meta right now is heroes that
fly around and one shot you. And Graves
is a scared child with no movement
abilities and two stamina with low HP.
Like Graves just just dies. Like Graves
just dies. Let's put it that way. Graves
just dies. Graves is a free gold glitch.
I think it's I think the nerfs that were
made to Graves Okay, this is kind of
like the opposite of what I usually say,
right? Usually I say like something
should be hot fixed, right? A lot of the
time. The thing about Graves is Graves
was hot fixed too much. The community
wanted hot fixes for Graves before they
wanted to learn how to play against
Graves, which is not correct. I think it
kind of like ruined like the
relationship the community has with the
devs because I think that the players
just cried about Graves and then Graves
got hot fixed nerfed but then now
there's actual problems in the game and
then they're not hot fixing those
problems. Might be related. But I don't
know. Interesting. It's just The thing
that was okay about Graves always was
like I mean I have a lot of games on
this hero. Toxic bullets was like 35% of
my damage every single game over and
over again every patch no matter how
strong or weak she was it was toxic
bullets was the whole character's
identity. And then she got hot fixed
nerfed and nerfed in the big update and
then toxic got completely gutted. So
it's just like yeah, whatever like the
character just sucks. One is also too
easy to counter still. It's kind of lame
when the you can use one of your ones
every 14 seconds, but then the enemy in
furnace just light melees one time and
your entire ability is gone that you
saved all your AP for. Like I I I don't
really get what the point of that is. I
think this character could be balanced
and could be fun with slight reworks. I
think there's a lot of things they could
do with the one. Maybe some more
flexibility with the one to let like if
you could self cast your one and put it
in defense mode where it would just like
follow you on purpose, but then like
have more like I don't know how to
describe this. If the one had more HP,
but it was stuck on you if you self
casted it. Does that make sense? Or like
something like that like a defensive
mode so it doesn't just get dove. Kind
of like yeah, I don't know how to
describe it, but like something like
that or something. Some like minor
change to make her less like just
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] free meat would be nice. I do
like the um I don't know, maybe her gun
not procking on hit effects, but then
giving her another buff would be good,
too. Cuz I swear this character is
solely good based off of on hit on her
gun, which is kind of lame. But if her
gun couldn't proc things or something
and you could actually buff her spirit
to be useful, it could be fun. This
character has always been like good and
bad based around like inhibitor, toxic
bullets, silencer, ricochet. Like it's
all just the shot. It's all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
over and over again. It's a shame. I I
hope it gets a little better. It's one
of my favorite heroes to play, you know,
but a lot of people flay A lot of people
Graves just gets too much hate for no
reason. It's just kind of like I don't
know. There's so many other issues with
the game and Graves is scapegoated by so
many It's just It's never even been that
It's never even been that impressive.
Like I I swear. 90% of the time people
are complaining on Graves it wasn't even
like impressive. Like Graves has been
bad nine out of 10 times. He was
actually only good like once or twice.
Most patches I don't think he's been
bad. Yeah, people don't Graves is one of
the chara- Yeah, people complain about
auto aim. Maybe that is a real big
problem in low elo. Maybe people are so
bad at aiming that Graves gun auto aim
is a big deal, but like am I wrong in
thinking most of the characters that are
strong this patch would have no problem
dealing with Graves? Like Graves can
just die before you get in her gun
range. Like Like that's the thing. It's
just so brainless because you just die
on Graves to people above your gun range
or out of your gun range. He has no
impact. Like Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does
auto aim have to do with anything? We're
just bad. And then the skulls people are
like, "Oh, the skulls blah blah blah
blah." You one light melee and the whole
character's kit's gone. Also, it's the
lowest DPS gun in the game. Anyway, Grey
Talon, I think Grey Talon's he's
obviously weaker. I don't know if he's
like I don't know if I consider him weak
though. Grey Talon's kind of like an
outlier to like the win rate thing that
I talk about or like his win rate is
very bad in E6, but like I I really
don't think he's bad. I don't think he
needs buffs or nerfs. I think I think
Grey Talon does not need buffs and I
think other characters need nerfs and
he'd be very good again. When I put
something in C or D they need buffs.
Like I don't I'm not going to say GT
needs buffs. I think that's tenuous. I
think he's good. He's just kind of
overshadowed by like a lot of things.
It's also a very gun It's very stat
dependent. I think he's like pretty
healthy right now. Pretty stat
dependent. Hayes, I don't know what I
think about Hayes. Um Hayes has not been
a big deal for me.
Um
GT and feels dated in my opinion. I I
think that's kind of a good take
actually. I mean GT and Vindexus kits
both feel a little bit dated since they
added all the new flyers to the game.
Cuz like with movement enhancing jump
pads being added and like like his fly
and Vin's fly are not even like good
flies anymore like what they used They
used to be like They used to have aerial
dominance and now they they get dove
from like even higher. Like Also, rework
Grey Talon's model. I think that I think
GT is a fun character with the ugliest
model. If Grey Talon had a more
appealing kit, I would play it more.
It's just like really visually boring.
Hayes, I don't know. I I swear he isn't
bad. I don't know what I want to rank
Hayes. I actually don't know what I want
to rank him. I don't know her. I know
her win rate has not not been good since
her rework, but I don't think Hayes is
bad. It might be top of C. People just
kind of have a lot of it. Okay,
honestly, the biggest um
the biggest nerf to Hayes not even the
cone, not even any of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The
number one biggest nerf to Hayes was not
being able to slide in the ult. I'm not
even trolling. That is like the biggest
body of life nerf that a character's
ever gotten that I've played. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
got you every single kill you got and
like the whole game. And not being able
to slide in the old just feels like
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But the thing is the low elo
players didn't know how to do that. So
it was like in high elo it was op as
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and low elo didn't even know it
existed. Kind of a weird one. I lucky
think Hayes is top of C. Everyone's got
dispel, everyone's got 4,000 HP. Kind of
falls off. You also kind of just get one
shotted. I think a good player can make
Hayes strong. Almost every hero this
patch is still play Almost every hero in
Any hero I'm putting that's not in D can
be played by a good player in any elo
and carry a game for the most part. For
the most part. Holiday? Don't think
Holiday's that bad. I think Holiday's
better than Calico Graves now by a solid
amount. Once again, I don't think Calico
I don't really think Can you carry a
game? Yeah, my last three games I played
on it where I I did full carry the game.
It's just once again, the best way to
make a spirit hero viable is to play not
spirit because gun is just superior. And
like if you just want to play games,
especially in lower elos where the games
last longer, and gun Holiday actually
does so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damage. Almost
every character Almost every bad spirit
character is better played as a gun
hero. Like gun Bipop is good. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
gun Holiday is good. People play gun
Calico, gun Graves. Like all the spirit
options just suck. Everyone has too much
HP nowadays. Spirit abilities just
mathematically don't make sense for most
characters to play. Like why would you
play a spirit character where you have a
a cool down skill shot that does 700
damage and that's your whole kit? Or you
play gun which you could just do
infinite DPS with zero down time, zero
CDs, like and and way harder to counter
than buying spirit armor. Like no
reason. Which would It didn't used to be
like that because people just have more
HP nowadays. If people had less HP,
Holiday would actually be really good.
If you could one cycle people with
Holiday's kit more easily, she'd be
really strong and she'd snowball and
she'd take over games. But the reality
is like Yeah, go fight a Holiday on
Bipop or go fight a Bipop on Holiday at
10 minutes when you're supposed to be
strong on Holiday and and tell me how
that goes for you. What are you going to
use? Five barrels, a lasso, a crack
shot, and 20 bullets and he's still not
dead. Like you mathematically can't even
kill anybody, man. Like some characters
just have 2.5 KHP at 10 minutes. Um
anyway, Infernus Infernus is broken.
Infernus is very very very very very the
right hands. I genuinely he's S-tier.
Infernus is the He's the I don't know
how
I don't know what role he actually
fills. He kind of just does everything.
He's just impossible to catch. He's just
like
Yeah, he's like a very well-rounded
character. Very good farm speed, very
good split pushing, and very hard to
punish. Very good team fighting, very
good 1v1, very good farming, very good
You know what I'm saying? Like, it's
almost like Mirage in a way. Like, he
has Mirage-level strength in a side
lane, but also can team fight and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
like that better. The only like
character that comes close to Infernus's
strength in a 1v1 or like, you know,
side lane is Venomancer or {slash}
Mirage, I guess. I don't know how I
don't know how that interaction works,
but it just depends. Infernus is just
good all around. Ivy I think Ivy's very
good.
Ivy feels really good right now, I
think. I think Ivy is a great character
to have on your team. Like, genuinely.
Having an Ivy on your team is like a
giga valuable. She's just a very
consistently good support. Um a big
reason why is another another thing,
it's the HP inflation again. Like, they
buffed the three to where it does a lot
of damage and it stuns for a long time,
and she has so much HP that like, you
can just You can just build you like max
three Echo Shard with cooldown and just
heal like a thousand HP from your thing
over and over again in team fights and
just be just annoying. Really good mid
boss secure, really good like Very good
at punishing heroes who overstep in side
lanes, you know? Like, pick up pick up
your pick up a tank, fly to a side lane,
Vortex Web, Stone Form, instant instant
kill punish. Like, from a different lane
with very low cooldown. Ivy is just like
really really good. And lane doesn't
really matter. A lot of the metas where
Ivy has been bad has been like lane, in
my opinion at least or experience. A lot
of the metas where Ivy's bad is metas
where lane matters really bad, like
really important. And her lane kind of
just sucks. But like, now that lane
doesn't even matter that much and she
can just go even, she's actually kind of
good. Yeah, she's really good like in
like like better than Rem in a way. Very
good like game I don't know What What's
the word for this? Like, it it's like
game state like manager. I don't know
how to describe this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, really
good, invades supporting, like, picking
up waves, like I like giving macro
support, yeah. Stuff like that, like
better than Rem. Not like OP like
individually, but just like someone you
would you're never mad about having on
your team. My biggest complaint with Ivy
has historically always been the same
exact thing. Um I don't think four
stamina heroes should really exist in
this game. It's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um and
then two,
her three is most definitely a movement
ability. I don't care what anybody says.
Not being able to slow hex Ivy three is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, if you can slow hex
Calico ult, why can't you slow hex Ivy
Stone? It's just so stupid. Cuz like,
it's an uncounterable spell that heals
you for 1,000 HP. It's just so cringe,
like. Same with Apollo two. I disagree
only because Apollo's one and a three
are slow hexable. And if you make a hero
have three slow hexable abilities, he's
just unplayable. I just think that they
um Apollo The way you balance Apollo two
is you make the dash distance
significantly shorter and you don't let
it ricochet off bullets. Like the
easiest counter to it. You just make You
make Apollo's two only proc off things
that counter spell would do, and then
give it a very short dash. And it
doesn't proc on bullets at all. That's
the easiest way to counter the hero. If
you want to nerf it. Kelvin Kelvin
Kelvin Kelvin. Very good hero. Would I
say S? No. Probably
here. Carries are really important.
Kelvin's one of the best characters to
support a carry. Very simply put. Carry
is the highest highest scaling hero in
the game. Struggles with staying alive.
If you play support with the your games,
200 Q, you probably will win 70% of your
games. It's just broken. A lot of heroes
like that. It's just a Kelvin like giga
neutralizes spirit heroes. That's like
the pro That's like the thing with
Kelvin. Like Coming from someone who
plays a lot of spirit heroes, he just
giga neutralizes them. A lot of heroes
that rely on like heroes like let's say
Apollo and Great Talon and you know,
like maybe like Vin. Heroes that rely on
you to be low HP and consistently poke
you so they can finish you later. Kelvin
just neutralizes all of that. He just
heals you He just heals everyone to full
at all times. No one's ever punishable.
Like, it just counters so many uh so
many like spirit heroes in a way. Very
strong. And it just a lot of cool downs.
Playing Kelvin against If you're playing
Great Town against the Kelvin, it's
really frustrating. This hero just
neutralizes your kit so much that like
you're you're poking people, you use all
your cool downs, and he just he can just
full heal, reset all of that, and you
don't get your cool downs back. Well, I
mean, GG [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] GG. Just pair Kelvin
with like Infernus, Venator, or Shive,
and it's so frustrating. Geist, I think
Geist is good. People Geist is probably
like here. Geist has like fallen off a
little bit. She's like the third best
character in her role.
so, whatever that means. Venator and
Infernus like are definitely better.
But, if you get rid of Venator and
Infernus and Mirage, Geist is still
strong, but the issue with a lot of
these heroes is Geist is a really like
strong hero. Like, dare I say OP, but
the problem is there's other heroes that
are so much better than her in the same
exact role that if if you're on Geist
and enemy team has Venator, you're
you're a weaker Venator. Like, that's
the problem with the balance in this
game is there's some characters that are
so much stronger than other people in
that role that playing any other
character in that role in like, you know
what I'm saying? It makes no sense to
play Geist when Venator exists. But, if
you get a Geist game and Venator and
Infernus don't exist, yeah, you're
you're Thanos, but like some of these
heroes are so overtuned in their
respective roles that playing anything
else is stupid. And without draft, you
sometimes unknowingly get filled Geist,
and you have to side lane against a
Mirage Venator, and you just I don't
know, man. Brutal. Yeah, she doesn't not
need to have an AoE silence. Um the only
reason Geist isn't like SSS O B O P is
simply because of uh she's just kind of
a mobile and a lot of the characters
that are strong right now do a lot of
damage, but are also mobile. And the
reason Venator is an exception is cuz
Venator's DPS is too high. Yeah, a lot
of free stacks off Geist, off Lockit.
That's a great point. But, like I said,
do not buff Geist at all. Do not buff
Geist. Like, Geist is strong, in my
opinion, for that role. If you nerf the
other characters in the game, Geist
would be very strong. Geist is only
overshadowed because other characters
are stronger in that role. Those
characters were completely nerfed, and
she didn't get touched, she'd be broken
again. Like, I don't know how to
describe it. I'm kind of like ranking
things a little bit differently this
time based off of like how they rank cuz
of other characters in their role, in a
way. Uh Lash, I think Lash is good. Lash
is one of those things where he feels
weaker because of how how much HP and
how much spirit armor people have, but
gun Lash is actually good. Lash is
probably like something like this,
maybe. He's very good. He's not bad at
all. Maybe he's even better than what I
have him as, honestly. I don't even
know. He might actually be better. I
don't know. I can't decide. I can't
decide. I think Lash is very good. The
gun Lash build is good. He has so much
mobility and so much like like team
fight potential that it's like yeah,
it's borderline OP, for sure. It
probably should be A. Yeah, that's true.
His role is very big impact. His gun
build is good. People that go the
recharging rush uh like head hunter top
like siphon build is actually good. Who
would have thought? The best way to play
Lash as a a gun character, not a spirit
hero. But who would have thought? I go
down the list and look at every
character and most spirit heroes their
better build is gun. Another reason for
that, by the way, is just how much
better the green and orange items are
than the spirit items. The spirit items
are just so bad. Like they're just so
bad. Like some of these gun items are so
broken. You can't even compare. Like go
compare the 6K category in spirit versus
the other categories. It's just so bad.
Like I can't Now, it's just not even
fair. Yeah, like uh would you rather
have magic carpet or inhibitor?
McGinnis? Um I don't think McGinnis is
very good. At this point in McGinnis's
life cycle, it might just be time to
rework the character again or something
like that cuz it's just not working,
bro. Uh this character has never felt
fluid in a meta like ever. Um there's
just something like wrong or something.
McGinnis is just like weird. I don't I
don't know. It's just weird. It's not
like good, but it it's it's it's like I
don't know. It's kind of like I guess
Graves in a way. Where the second it's
OP, the second McGinnis is OP, alarm
bells go off, everybody's crying. Then
McGinnis is bad for 6 months. Then it's
OP again, everybody's crying. But then
other heroes are allowed to be OP
forever and nobody really minds. But
it's just like I don't know how to
describe it. I don't know, man. I don't
know, man. I don't I I don't know. I
wish I knew everything, but the
character just seems out of place. Very
niche. Mina? This character is just
objectively, simply broken. I don't give
a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This character is consistently
strong, OP as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insane mobility, way
too much damage. Uh the whole point of
the character is it's supposed to be
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] squishy. It's not. Has 3,000 HP,
does the most damage in the game. Like
her ult has silence with zero
investment, 10 million damage with zero
investment. Like it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The
character is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like I I don't
even know. The fact that like Mina is in
the same game as a character like like
Graves or Alig like blows my mind. It
feels like you took a character from
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare and
dumped it into Call of Duty: World at
War. I don't even know, man. This
character just flies everywhere, never
has to back, like does a bajillion
damage, has good APs, like I don't even
know, man. Like when is Mina bad? Like
OP early, OP mid, OP late, like what
like like what's the point? Like
like giga mobility, giga damage, giga
sustain, like like what what is there
not? And then to top it all off, they're
like, let's give Mina three bats. Oh,
let let's let's let's just keep the
silence for free on Mina. Oh, like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
that, man. They got to like do something
un-fun. Mirage, I think Mirage is
S-tier. Mirage's impact in a lobby is
hard to beat. I really am disappointed
with the reworks to Drifter and Mirage.
I think they were really bad,
unfortunately. I think that the reworks
to Drifter and Mirage
uh
were really out of touch and did not
land. And like it's I rarely say this,
but if you literally reverted all of the
changes to Mirage and Drifter, I think
more people would be happy than angry. I
think all the new changes on both those
heroes are just really poorly done. Like
either of them. I don't like
uh the one rework is just bad. I I don't
know. No, I don't like the Drifter ones.
I want Drifter to one to be melee again.
Um I think the inhibitor on Mirage one
built in is extremely OP, and I think
the devs don't understand how OP the
stat damage penalty is. The damage
penalty stat is is the best stat in the
entire game. The whole game has this uh
like like Thanos balance where it has to
be perfectly balanced between gun
damage, spirit damage, and greens. The
damage penalty stat that's on Mirage one
and inhibitor completely throws the
balance of the game out the window.
Anything that was like supposed to be
like balanced by the game is completely
out the window. Like characters can't
cycle damage anymore. Like and then the
problem with that is only gun characters
get that stat. So gun characters like
perma out scale and can just damage like
if you were a spirit hero and you were
inhibited you wouldn't even be able to
kill this hero anyway. But then they
throw this damage penalty stat and you
can't even do anything. You deal less,
you life steal less, you're one third of
a hero exactly. There is nothing really
um there's nothing really you can do
about damage penalty. Oh yeah, I you
know what? You just spiked my cortisol.
The fact that they buffed the Mirage
tornado it keeps me awake at night. It
it it is actually disgusting. And then
the old is a literal like oh my god,
it's like 30 second cool down. How is
this possible? Yeah, and they nerfed it
yeah, they did nerf the name. Tornado
had so much aura and now it's a dust
devil. Like dust devil? You know how
lame that is? Mirage now dust devil.
Look for a gank and your clan. Like like
dude, it is so cringe. Like you can't
call him that. It's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
tornado. Like I don't know. Big nerf.
Anyway, I don't know. Uh Mo Mokryl.
Don't play seven blyat. Go play Mokryl.
Maurice and Krillium aka the great
equalizer. I'm always a Mo and Krill
hater. Not a hater anymore. Character is
the most balanced he's ever been. Dare I
say it. This is might be the most
balanced Mo has been in a long time. So
well played to the devs. Well played.
Probably the most balanced he's been in
a very long time. Not bad at all. Not
bad at all. Very balanced hero. He made
the game adjustment. Oh yeah, Mo and
Krill is necessary in M1 meta but yeah,
that's true. I mean yeah, Mo is pretty
balanced right now. Most of the times
Krill isn't balanced though. Most of the
time this game has been out that that
Krill Krill is hasn't been honest
though. Uh Paige. People really think
Paige is bad right now. It's it's so
funny to me. Paige has the largest delta
between game modes of any hero like of
all time I think. Like Paige is rank one
win win rate street brawl like 61% and
like like bottom three win rate in in
regular. It's like 61% versus 44% or
something like that. Not that matters
very much. It's just an interesting
stat. Um I don't know. I don't think
Paige is bad. The problem is Paige is is
one of the few heroes in the game that
isn't a tank with no with no investment.
Um, Paige is probably like somewhere
like here, I think. Paige is good. Uh,
Paige is good to counter things like
Dynamo Alt, but um, she's one of the few
heroes in the game, honestly very
similar to the other heroes in the
bottom of the category. Um,
most of the heroes in this game have too
much HP. You know what heroes don't have
too much HP? Holiday, Hayes, and Graves
all have are the they're probably like
the only three heroes in the game that
actually die. Not that that's a bad
thing. I think that's how those heroes
should be balanced, but almost every
other hero in the game has too much HP,
but those three don't. They just die.
And if you look at the tier list, what
does that like how does that correlate?
Well, most heroes don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] die. So,
the ones that actually do die are just
like naturally weaker and more
inconsistent. So, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bruiser brawly
tank meta like I don't know. And those
characters just can die. Hayes is an
assassin, she should be paper. I agree.
There's other characters higher on this
list that also should die, but don't
die. Do you understand? Mina is spirit
version of Hayes except has 10 times the
utility, mobility, unique passives,
she's hotter, cooler, and doesn't
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] die. So, explain that one. Like
it like Mina is Dr. Pepper, Hayes is Mr.
Pibb. It's just like whatever, man. No
aura. Uh, Paradox, only complaint I have
with Paradox is kind of the same thing I
have a complaint with every character in
the game. Uh, please don't buff this
character. This character is fine. The
meta of the game doesn't benefit her, so
please don't nerf the state of the game
and then also buff Paradox or the game
will be unplayable. Uh, Paradox is is
balanced and if you nerf if you buff
Paradox and then also nerf like global
HPs and things like that, Paradox will
is like one of the most unfun characters
in the game to play against. Um, she's
not OP and the reason she's not OP is
because nobody dies anymore. Um, back in
the day when Paradox was the best hero
in the game, everyone had about like
2,000 HP on a every carries 16 months
ago had 2,000 HP end game. Paradox's
combo would punish that. You would die.
Nowadays, the average carry late game at
20 at a whatever, has like probably
3,500 versus 2,000. The like Paradox's
swap combo doesn't do anything. You just
get swapped on Mirage, get silenced, get
stunned. Uh it doesn't matter. Just use
a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scarab, walk away. No no no
threat. Back in the day, you get one
shot in a Paradox ult. That being said,
character's fine. Other people have too
much HP. Nerf everybody else's HP and
she she'll be she'll be strong. Nothing
really wrong with the character. It's
like It's just like how the how she fits
in. And and another like complaint
though, Paradox isn't
um
Paradox isn't immune to that though.
Paradox is not immune to that. Paradox
buys fortitude and superior stamina and
resto lock it. Three items, one of them
is mobility, one of them is sustain, and
she ends up having like 4,000 HP, man.
Like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. I hate that part of the
game. A Pocket? Uh Pocket is
interesting. Pocket Honestly, a better
comparison that I made to Mina and Hayes
would be Mina and Pocket. Pocket is just
a generation one Mina. Nowadays, there's
so many better options than Pocket that
have so much more consistency and they
do almost everything he does just
better. Um I don't think there's
anything wrong with Pocket. That's the
thing. When I play Pocket, it feels
totally fine. The issue is there's so
many stronger heroes that do exactly
what he does better. So, it's like junk.
He's just power crept in a way, yeah.
I'd probably put Pocket like here.
Pocket is still one of the hardest
heroes. Bro, like Okay, listen. You guys
are going to hate me for this. Go ahead.
Hate me forever. I'm very very good at
both heroes. Graves is harder than
Pocket. Pocket is the one of the easiest
heroes in the entire game and it is
larped as a a hard hero and it drives me
nuts. And it benefits me because I'm a
good Pocket player and you guys glaze me
when I'm on Pocket. It is one of the
easiest heroes in the entire game. And
you guys are just sitting there drooling
over your keyboard. Like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
he's so clean." It is not hard, man.
It's one of the easiest heroes I play,
if not the easiest. It is so easy and
you guys just pretend it's hard. It's
legit like Mina. You guys are like, "Oh,
Mina's so broken. Oh, Mina's just Look
how good he is on Mina. Oh, wow wow
wow." There is no skill, man. Like like
Yeah, I don't swap. That's a good way to
put it. Like Like Mina and Pocket are
not hard, man. They're extremely easy.
Mina and Pocket are probably the easiest
spirit heroes in the entire game, bar to
none. They actually have downsides on
other heroes. Um yeah, Rem, enough
ranting.
Um Rem, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Rem is
probably just like Paige, but a little
bit better or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know.
Rem just feels like murr murr murr. I
don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Rem's got an OP ult.
Rem's got an OP ult. No. And that that's
That's about what this hero's got going
for him. I I don't even know what to
say. Now that Rem's centers are actually
punishable, and egg is is nerfed or
whatever that that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Have you
guys ever had a problem with a Rem one
time? I I I feel like the way pushing is
good, and it's but it's still worse than
Ivy. Rem does everything Ivy does, but
worse. Rem also does everything Ivy does
with one half the health pool, and
actually can die. Rem also has an OP
ult, long cool down, though. Ivy has an
OP ult, half the cool down. Rem is not
is hotter than Ivy. Hey, I don't know. I
wouldn't want Rem on my team. If I had
Rem on my team, I'd be upset. I would
argue the things that make Rem like A
lot of the ways people play Rem is like
you have to go around and clean up
waves, and you have and you want to go
invade centers. But like, when there's
gold that is on your Rem, it's so bad
because Rem does absolutely nothing with
the gold. Like, if Ivy had that gold
instead and had Echo Shard Stone form,
you would have cancer, and you would
like like Rem is just like useless. The
ult is good, but like not fake. It
removes gold. Kind of. That got giga
nerfed, though. Taking waves off of the
map is If your venerator just every If
your venerator cleaned up every wave
that you cleaned up, it'd be a better
situation. A lot of Rems have too much
gold, though. I don't think Rem is like
bad bad. That's what I'm saying. Look
where it is in the tier list. It's not
like bad bad. It's just like I don't
know, man. I don't think it's bad. It's
just like not as better than Kelvin or
Ivy. I don't know what to say. Better
than Paige, I'll give you that. I don't
know, man. Just don't think it's that
good. You don't even need a support in
this meta, though. That's the thing.
Like you like other metas, it'd be fine
to have two supports. But like this
meta, you don't even need that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
man. You can have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] four DPSs and
Ivy and Ador, man. That's like giga
support. You're never ever ever ever
ever getting a REM on your team over a
Kelvin or an IV if you had to choose. It
would be brain dead. Seven, uh weird
one.
I think seven is strong. I I like
there's a weird like translation with
this hero where like I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
know, man. I swear to god seven's good.
He has the highest win rate in the game.
Yeah, he always has. There's There's
been times where seven has the highest
win rate in the game and I put him in D.
Like Yeah, like I get it. Um I I
whenever I played seven, it feels OP as
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's just because it's pubs and
it's like an M1 hero that just farms way
too fast and you just stat check people
and he has CC and true damage built in.
That's why seven's like seems all right.
Um the reality is in like in like the
highest top 0.00001%
like competitive scrims and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's
going to be untouched and bad. It's
weird because like in E6, he's good, but
like technically at the highest level
where everybody plays perfectly, he's
not good. But that's not really what I'm
making this tier list for anyway. So,
I'll probably put him behind the list
because I do think he's good. I think if
you played seven in your games, it is I
don't know how good it is, but like I'll
probably give it a humble ranking. Seven
is like probably there just to be
humble. It might end up being like this.
I got to be honest with you. I got to be
honest with you. Shiv character's
broken. Shiv is most definitely S tier.
Yeah, what else to say? Character is He
kind of drives me nuts. I'm going to be
honest with you.
Uh there Like I I brought this up many
times, but like this game has a a
balance where it's like you you build
movement, you build health, or you build
damage, or like like things like that,
right? This character kind of just goes
out of that limit. This character uh
like uh
like tanks everything, does infinite
damage at every point in the game, has
the best movement in the game of any
tank. Like what downsides does Shiv
actually have? You can't name one. He's
just uh it's just stupid. I also like I
was one of the people that bitched about
Shiv's ult the most before, right? And
now I feel bad making fun of what the
devs did to the ult, but I'm going to be
honest, my number one complaint with
Shiv has always been his escape
potential. I think the movement is the
problem with Shiv. I think Shiv being a
tank that dashes and you can't chase him
indoors because he'll dash and one
before is cool as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't even
want them to change that. I think that's
cool. The thing I don't like is the
right click shotgun across the map
escape no punishment. It's
un-counterable. I hate it. I hate it
more than anything like genuinely. Like
I I don't even care that he's tanky and
he can one before. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
And then and then on top of that what
the devs did was they nerfed his old
Okay, by the way, quote unquote old
quote unquote old nerf. They gave him
another escape tool. And my number one
problem with his kit was his escape
tool. That was my number one problem.
Wow, this guy just pushes my walker then
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flies away with a shotgun. Well,
now if you actually send four people to
kill him, he just presses four and then
right clicks and then warp stones and
then tooth and then by the time he's
pushing your walker and you send three
to kill him, he's already on the mid
walker now. He's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. It's like
Celeste level movement on a tank. It
makes no sense. Stop giving tanky heroes
so much movement. Really unfun to play
against. Heroes cannot be tanky and do
so much damage. Okay, every game has
this problem, right? Tanks do too much
damage in every game. Agreed? A lot of
the times? Agreed? A lot of games tanks
have 4,000 HP but do the same damage as
DPS heroes a lot of the times, right?
So, let's not have that problem in this
game where they do damage, they are
tanky and have movement. Can we at least
erase one of them? Heroes cannot be
tanky, have movement and do damage. They
can be tanky and do damage but they get
kited. That's totally fine. Like just
they cannot have movement and be tanky
and do damage. That is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Some of
them some patches do damage, have stuns
and are tanky and have movement. Like
Billy some patches. That character has
mobility escape like Shiv does, has
tankiness, has mixed damage and all that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like Yeah, Shiv doesn't have a
triangle of stats. He's got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
circle. And if that circle if if every
part of Shiv's kit isn't broken for one
patch, everyone cries and say he's bad.
Shiv players are big fat toxic babies.
The character is OP forever. Shiv would
be a lot more fun to play against right
now if he was two stam. But you know, he
was bad for one patch so they had to
give him three stem. As if like the
ability to fly around the map with a
shotgun. And you guys like I understand
a lot of people on YouTube who don't
have not even watched good Shiv gameplay
or anything like that, don't even know
what I'm talking about. Just trust me on
this one, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The right click
shotgun is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There's no counter
play. He's always one escape tool away
from hitting a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jump pad and
flying away, which is why I hate jump
pads, too. Every like movement character
is like one button press away from a
jump pad to escape even further. And
then you combine jump pads with his
right click and then his like there's
just too many escape tools. Like Apollo
and Shiv are the same. Way too many
escape tools. And also, Yoshi, if you if
you can hear me, Yoshi, can we nerf the
distance on Shivult? Why does it have to
be across the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] map? Like I just
don't understand. Why can't ults execute
like Shiv be like 5 m, 8 m? Why do they
have to make this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go across the
entire map, man? I don't understand
because then it becomes an instead of an
execute, it is now actually just
an additional escape tool. It's you go
18 m and just go from the bottom floor
of building to the third story with a
with one button. And then you use the
momentum vertically with your right
click to fly backwards. And then you get
caught again and you just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] use
your dash.
Like it's just like Apollo, but he's a
tank. It makes no sense. Shiv is Apollo
with more HP. And instead of Apollo's
threes, he can throw Apollo's threes and
do the same amount of damage. Like like
Shiv is just Apollo, but better. You
have Apollo three on a on a throwable.
Also, he has so many charges for no
reason. Silver Silver's also S tier. I I
think Silver is the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Silver is
Yamato is a gen one hero. Silver is a
gen four hero. Silver is Yamato strength
at every point in the game, except she's
attack damage instead of spirits, so she
doesn't fall off. Spirit She's a literal
She's one of the new characters with no
downsides again. She has Oh, wow. Wow,
guys, let's talk about what what what
does Silver have? Does she have a lot of
HP and survivability? Yes. Does she have
CC? Yes. Does she do a lot of damage?
Yes. Is she strong early? Yes. Is she
strong mid game? Yes. Is she strong late
game? Yes. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doesn't she
have? And she's hot. There's just no
downsides on this hero. No cool downs
either. No No cool downs. No cool downs
on this hero either. Only thing she
doesn't have is an I-frame and a father.
It's TLDR Silver is just basically
Yamato, very similar. And then it's just
the problem is Yamato is balanced
because Yamato's spirit, right? Yamato
turns into like Yamato is like strong
early, it's annoying, it's a mosquito
except it's counterable. You can counter
spell Yamato. You can buy spirit armor
against Yamato. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you do
to Silver? There's You can't counter gun
in this game the way you can counter a
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm close. It's Yamato but AD.
So it's a DLC Yamato. I don't know.
Broken. And her ult with no CDR is just
0.2 second cool down. If Silver gets
ahead, it's GG. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] GG. Silver is
the is the Silver is the most prio'd
hero in competitive for a tank. You
don't really have any particular order
but like yeah in competitive Silver is a
first pick first ban outside of
innovator, basically. Sinclair, I don't
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Hero is very strong but
it's also very niche. I probably put
Sinclair like I probably put Sinclair
like around here or something. I think
there's a lot of strong ults in the game
right now and he he he's just solid all
around. I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's
definitely player dependent. Hard to
hard to like I don't know, it's hard to
explain. It's just very niche and player
dependent. Sinclair is cringe tier, yeah
that's true. It's very player dependent.
Sinclair is top five hardest to play,
yeah I think he's like I think Sinclair
is probably like the hardest hero to
play. There are some aspects of his kit
that are really cringe. I won a lot of
games on Sinclair, I've always been a
Sinclair believer. I was the first
person to play Sinclair in pro play when
nobody else wanted to. I I I always
believed in him. I thought he was cool.
I thought he was good. But it's just um
the reason people always like don't let
me play Sinclair in comp or the reason
like that he's always been is just
consistent. The only consistent build on
Sinclair that has zero variance is Echo
Shard Bunny. I don't know why. I don't
like Echo Shard Bunny either, it's
really annoying to play against. Uh
innovator, I mean it's best hero in the
game. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Innovator is
bar to none the strongest hero in the
game. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what win rates
say. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what anything
says. He is the definition of what's
wrong with the game. That's it. Way too
much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damage, way too much CC,
way too much scaling, strong early game,
this character killed the game. I don't
even know. If Venedyr was 100% banned in
the patch, he might be playable. Venedyr
literally makes the other characters not
even selectable. Like he Like it's
actually disgusting, genuinely. Like The
fact that like some of the characters in
D and C are in the same video game as
Venedyr is disgusting. Like, "Oh guys,
let's go pick a DPS character. Let's go
play [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Raeth or Hayes." Like
Imagine if that same skill and effort
was put instead of Hayes, you're on
Venedyr. You just like roll on your
keyboard and do 10 bajillion damage.
Like you can Like I've literally had
Venedyrs in E6 that start the game 0 8 0
and are like 5,000 gold at 8 minutes,
right? And then they fully 1 v 6 the
lobby at 20 minutes. Like it doesn't
even matter. Like it's like it's just so
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid and it takes no skill. It
takes zero skill. You don't have to do
crazy like TikTok min-max [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
speedrun like farming. It's sit in a
side lane and they don't picture you as
a threat because you're 0 and 8 and you
just stand there and collect gold for
free under your walker and you're the
best character in the game. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Go play Graves
then go play Venedyr. Like it's it's
just a joke. Like Graves gets
one-shotted by Venedyr at every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
point in the game. Yeah, and Graves' kit
literally reduces weapon damage and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
like that. It doesn't even matter, man.
It doesn't even matter. Bro has been
Dick to Snipe except it doesn't have hit
reg issues and windup. And it's it's
it's just AD both an anti-heal as well.
Oh, Victor, I don't even know. I don't
even think Victor's bad. I think he's
good, no. Victor's probably like here.
Is that a bad take? Victor's not even
that bad, like I swear. Like he actually
has impact now. Not even bad. Victor um
When When Victor was really hated, when
Victor was like the the most hated hero
in the game, he received a lot of nerfs.
Like a lot of HP per boon nerfs were his
like big thing. Like he actually does
have a low HP per boon. Compared Compare
Victor's max HP to like Victor's or
sorry to Shiv or Silver's. He a lot
lower on the HP
and so like that's kind of the reason
he's not like that's he has two lives. I
understand all of that. I understand all
the hoopla, whatever.
Um Victor is the only tank that's
burstable.
&gt;&gt; I don't think he's bad at all though. I
don't think he's bad.
&gt;&gt; Um Finn, Finn is one of those things
where I don't want to say Finn's bad.
Finn can actually snowball, but Finn
does definitely feel power crept. Early
game doesn't really matter anymore. Finn
is very good in metas that have short
early games because she can create a lot
of map pressure and the game can When
games could end in 20 to 25, Finn was OP
as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because she makes 10 minute mark
hell for the enemy team. But uh Vindicta
is just giga power crept. Every single
DLC hero or new hero can just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on
her and every single and then even if
she was strong, it doesn't matter. Like
what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does it Even if she was
The way the economy works in this game
with comeback souls and all that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is like if there's a 10 and
zero Vindicta, super easy to shut down.
Not a problem. Zero issues whatsoever.
There's a million itemization, uh you
can just You can't even fight you in mid
boss. And then compare that to How do
you shut down a 10 and over Yeah, good
joke. There's no such thing. Finn Finn
has a thousand counters. The other
heroes don't have any. So what's the
point? Also, she can't farm at all. So
like when she got kills for when she got
souls for kills, she could accelerate
and negate some of those problems she
has by buying the counter items faster,
but she doesn't have money on kill
anymore so she can't even like
accelerate her gold per minute to buy
the counter items ahead of the other
carries. She can't even do that part,
right? So Like that's whatever. I don't
think she's weak really, but kind of
like kind of just fell off.
&gt;&gt; Probably like around there.
&gt;&gt; The very highest of ranks, she's just
fully useless, but like she can do fine
in most Yeah. Finn is this is like a gen
one hero that actually uh has counter
play. Some of the newer heroes just
ignore all of the Some of the newer
heroes have no counter play at all, but
Finn actually has counter play. Fiscus.
Fiscus just feels like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The thing
that sucks is you can never even you're
never even allowed to say Fiscus is bad
because his cube is OP. So it's like
everyone that plays against Viscus is
just always like if you've never played
a game of Viscus but you play against
him all the time, you're like "Wow wow
wow wow wow, this cube is so OP. What
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Wow wow wow wow wow." But then
when you play Viscus, like actually
playing the video game on Viscus,
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aids. Yeah, I agree the cube's
good. I'm not saying it's bad but like
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aids. Like I don't know. You
have like one good spell. At the very
highest elo this character is just
trash, bro. He has a spirit nuke early
game. Like yeah, that's cool, right?
Cool cool spirit nuke. Okay, okay. Now
they have 5,000 HP and 70% armor does
nothing. Okay. Like he's basically
forced to be support. That's it. That's
the deal they are basically. Like pure
damage early falls off. Support can't
solo carry games anymore. Can't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
The three isn't even a spell at the
entire game because in my elo it just
buries everything. Like this character's
win rate is dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in high elo. Just
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And even though The
funny thing is a lot of people like
Viscus is like a specialist hero. Like
people that play Viscus are Viscus
specialists. You know what I'm saying?
And so he he has a low pick rate and a
low ass win rate. But then people are
like "Oh, Viper's win rate is high
because it's a specialist hero." Oh, but
that's different. Okay. Viscus is a
specialist hero and it has a low win
rate. That's when you know it's a
problem. Cuz like bro, it's just so
funny too. Cuz you get Viscus
specialist. Go look Okay. It is like put
some respect on how much effort it takes
to play a good ass game on Viscus from
like Meelo Maine or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Goober,
right? And then I want you to stop and
look what happens when Meelo Maine or
Goober play any of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
characters like Shiv or Mina or
whatever. It is just instantly goes from
having impact and trying really hard to
drooling on your keyboard and going 10
and 0 and carrying the game. It's just
like objectively not good, man. I swear.
If the worst player on your team is on
Viscus and cube bots your carry, yeah,
now it's OP. Wow, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] looks so
broken. But solo queuing Viscus when you
have no idea if your teammates are going
to be competent or monkeys is is a is a
miserable awful experience. It's one of
the worst. I I would put it like all the
way here. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like
yeah, his cube is good. In coordinated
play he's very good. I'm just saying.
The solo queueing him he's one of the
most miserable heroes to play. All
right, it's probably like realistically
here or something. I don't I don't know
where I think Hayes is, but yeah. Sol Q
and Viscus is like actual [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and ball
torture. I'll probably also do this. I'd
I was going to put these in order
probably like somewhere. Um
anyway, uh Viper, I'd probably put Viper
a Viper's just so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. Um
I'll probably put Viper here. I still
think Venator and Mina are better than
Viper. Even though Viper's OP, I think
Venator and Mina are still better, but
he is OP. Whatever. I don't think he's
the best here in the game. Venator and
Mina are still better, but Viper is very
good. The reason I say that is because
even though Viper is OP, it technically
still has [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Viper takes more skill
and has more counterplay than Mina and
Venator. Venator and Mina are just like
the most broken heroes in their role
respectively and are the easiest
characters in the game to play with like
you like you could put you you could put
a Dorian on on Mina and and and do
really well. You can't put like that
guy's on Viper, he looks like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
But I guess that's not really true cuz
he went one in 20 on Venator, so my
argument's not really fair. But I don't
really know. Is release Shiv still the
strongest hero ever in Deadlock? Please
Victor was probably Okay, release Shiv
is a stupid term though. I don't like
that term. Shiv got hot fixed six
different times and had incorrect stats
when he got launched. It's different and
it was also before for QA. Like Shiv got
launched like before actual extensive QA
was happening and it was just like in
NDA. And it was like there wasn't really
that much like QA beforehand. They just
kind of released [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And the numbers
were like so high that like one game got
played and then he got giga nerfed. Like
it's a different time period. You can't
really compare it. Different sport back
then. Um he is good though. I would say
honestly this sounds crazy. I I think
Paradox was strong I think Paradox was
almost as broken as Shiv, but was that
strong for like one year. Like I'm not
even trolling. This Paradox character
was like the best hero in the game for
like 9 months. Also back in the day
everyone had like zero HP. Like you
would I'm not Okay, you guys don't even
like like let me explain something. Back
in the day, I know I sound like an old
but it's it's my 2-year anniversary of
Deadlock when this video goes live
about. I've been playing every day for 2
years. Like 5,000 hours plus. Back in
when I first started, you would load
into the lanes with like 450 HP or 500
HP on some heroes. Sometimes Pocket had
like maybe 450 or 550 HP with negative
15% bullet armor and headshot booster
would do double the damage it does now
and have a less cool down. So, Paradox
would load into the lane and have a hit
scan gun that did like 200 damage with
one burst and you just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] die with
wave two. And then you'd get frozen on
and when you when your minions died and
you couldn't peek them, you would lose
all the gold. And so, Paradox would be
up like 2,000 gold on you and you'd be
at like 300. There was no starting gold,
there was no like Like now your minions
die if you're not peeking and you still
get half gold. Back in the day that
wasn't it didn't exist and Paradox had
the best lane pressure in the game. So,
like the carbine would be charging and
you couldn't even peek to secure your
minions and you would lose the full 150
souls. And like You know what I'm
saying? It was a different game and in
that game Paradox was unplayable to play
against. Like it's the most broken thing
of all time. But like it it it doesn't
it The game isn't the same as it was.
That's why I say Paradox will be That's
why I have trauma with Paradox. Paradox
is like traumatized me the most of any
hero ever. It was a The game was
actually unplayable. Yeah, it it hit
over 1K every game and just like over
and over again, like no cool down.
Warden? Why don't I know what I'd rank
Warden? That's a great question. You
don't really see a lot of Wardens, but I
swear to you this character is good.
Warden kind of has this new Warden kind
of has this new uh Oh, okay. You know
what You know what? Here's exactly where
I'm going to rank Warden. This character
is still OP, right? It's just
overshadowed by the other characters in
the role. Once again, it's Geist, same
thing. This character is legit. Like if
if this character was deleted and this
character was deleted and this character
was deleted, this character and this
character would take their spot and be
just as strong and would be need and
then you would say they need to be
deleted next patch. The reality is this
character is in every game and mogs this
character. This character is in every
game mogs this character. Does that make
sense? Like they're just worse in their
role, but they're still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken,
I swear. Like they don't need to be
nerfed or I mean buffed. So strong. The
max three Warden cage is the most rage
inducing rework of all time. Like bro,
when you get like when you get Warden
three silenced, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm going to
freak out. Yeah, Warden just has Warden
Warden Warden does a lot of damage and
once again, this is kind of one of the
problems that I have with most heroes in
the game.
Warden's Warden is not balanced in terms
of like my philosophy of balance with
like a triangle. I'm going to keep
saying the triangle if you want to
describe it. Like in terms of like CC,
utility, damage, and like tankiness, and
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, uh he just has a little
bit too much. He's a little bit too
tanky and does a little bit too much
damage for how many debuffs he has. Does
that make sense? You say he doesn't have
movement, that's not really true. His
two is actually a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's
like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 40% MS. Slightly over the
mark. And the the thing for me that
pushes Warden over the mark is the HP.
If Warden didn't have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 5,000 HP
Now, Warden is dog meat in this meta,
but he's not bad Warden is only bad cuz
other characters are broken, that's the
thing. If the other characters that are
going to get nerfed to get nerfed, he
wouldn't be bad. He's just overshadowed
as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by the other heroes. That's
probably here like this. He's only booty
meat cuz of his environment. His kit
itself is not bad at all. I refuse to
believe Warden's kit is bad. I'll
probably do this or something like that.
All right, Randall. I know it's like
unrealistic or whatever, but like this
game doesn't have drafts, so like if you
load into a game and you're playing gun
Warden and like if you're not in E6
where like Okay, in E6 you're getting
Here's the thing. In E6 if you play
Warden, you're going to go against a guy
playing this character, a guy playing
this character, or Viper, you know what
I'm saying? But if you're not in E6 and
you're in like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Phantom Elo and
you queue gun Warden, you can carry a
lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] games. He's good. But
he's just really bad because of the
other characters are broken. I don't
know if that makes sense. That argument
does not apply to all other heroes, so
no, don't say it does. I don't know what
I rank Hazier, I haven't figured it out.
I haven't figured out what I rank
Hazier. I I can't figure it out. Put an
asterisk on this one. Uh Wraith Wraith
kind of like same thing in a way where
like Wraith is like It's so funny cuz
Wraith is like the worst M1 hero, but
it's still good as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like it's the
same exact [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I I actually think
Wraith is really good. The issue is
she's just not even close to as good as
the other M1s, which just shows you how
strong they are. If Venator and Infernus
were out of the question, like Wraith if
if Venator, Infernus, and Wraith and and
Mirage were out of the question, Wraith
is actually really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. The
reality is there's just things that
counter her that are better in her role
that are in every lobby. But the
character itself individual strength It
completely fine. And the game doesn't
have drafts, so you might say, "Well,
doesn't that mean she's bad?" No,
because the game doesn't have drafts.
You're not guaranteed. You're You're
like actually You're You're You're not
guaranteed. You're not guaranteed to
have that. Some games you load in,
there's no counterplay. I'd probably do
this, realistically. It's something like
this. Yeah, everyone in one here is at
least A, like genuinely. They're all
good. There's no such thing as an M1
that's bad this patch, so I refuse to
put them in B. Hayes isn't an M1, don't
even get me started on that. And Hayes
is an assassin. Yamato, um I think
Yamato is actually strong. Yamato is
probably there. Yamato is like
I think Yamato is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is what I
will say. I think Yamato two being point
click at that long of range is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
but hey. Um I do think the hero is good.
Is Drift not considered A1? No, not at
all. Not even close. Yeah, I I I agree
with that. I would sign that petition.
Would you guys sign that petition? Make
two on Yamato a skill shot. And then but
you can buff other things, but make that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a skill shot, in my opinion. It's
just so long range for how point click
it is. It drives me nuts how far it is.
It actually drives me up the wall. Just
dodge it. The only actual good tip for
Yamato is Yamato is genuinely
counterable by counter spell and dispel
magic. If you are annoyed by an ahead
Yamato, you can dispel it. You can
counter spell her slash, like things
like that. She does have a slight
counterplay. But she's not like S tier.
She has slight counterplay. If they make
it a skill shot, they will somehow give
it Shiv ult treatment. Do you mind that,
though? I know if it was shorter range
and you could upgrade the range as time
went on and like but like I don't want
it to be that far range in general.
Right now it's 40 m point click. If it
was 10 m and a skill shot, I know this
sounds rough, but it's really not that
bad. Then you could upgrade it as the
game goes on. You could grapple to
buildings, which would be more fun for
her, but it would also be less strong in
combat, but it would be more fun. I do
have an issue with the range of a skill
shot, because I want I want it to be
like an escape tool. I think it should
be a skill shot, but you can grapple
terrain, but then also make it really
short range until like max AP, where you
upgrade the range. Because if you if you
were pushing a side lane and Yamato
grappled onto a building like 100 m
away, you would lose. It can't be that
far. It should be shorter. What I mean
by Yamato grappling the buildings, it
would be like You guys know like the
side lane green walker, where there's
like the third story section above the
walker, and there's like the bottom
floor camp. I'm saying like you could
use the grapple to go from the bottom
floor to the top floor, not like across
the map with the two. Then like shorter
range like 15 m or something like shiv
range onto buildings, not like across
the map. That'd be fair. Also, it's a
core part of her kit for combat. If you
used it on terrain, she would
vulnerable. Not sure about that. I don't
know that I'll let the professionals
work out the fine details. I don't
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Yeah, that's probably it
type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right, Metro. I've got
Metro here chat. I got to call Metro on
Discord. We're going to see what he
thinks of my tier list.
&gt;&gt; Okay. You you are actually trolling if
you think M1 is strong this patch. It is
actually so bad and this spirit nukers
are are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken that these
heroes are so bad and I'm telling you
and I'm the best at them. They are so
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bad and the people say they're
good, they're just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid.
That's how a mobile should be. Your list
is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Also, Graves is OP.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, thanks for hopping on
Metro. Let's say bye to YouTube chat.
Bye to YouTube. Say bye-bye. Bye to
YouTube.